 
Errata for "Ada95: The Lovelace Tutorial" by Wheeler (first printing)
 
 
Here are the errata for the first printing; I think there are very
few for a first edition.  Several of these "errata" are not really errors;
they reflect changed situations since the text was written and correct a few
omissions (for example, many have asked "why is this called 'Lovelace'"?).
 
You should be able to make all of these changes without renumbering the
pages of the main body; that's important, since that will mean that
the index and table of contents can stay the way they are.
 
 
* Page viii, top of page, add the following new paragraph before
  "Here is an outline..." so that people will understand WHY this tutorial
  is named the Lovelace tutorial and who Ada is named after.  Put the
  quoted text below in italics instead of quotes:
 
 
  Ada95 was named in honor of Augusta Ada Gordon, Countess of Lovelace,
  who is widely considered to be the world's first computer programmer.
  She developed algorithms for Charles Babbage's analytical engine.
  This tutorial is named the "Lovelace Tutorial" in honor of her.
 
 
* Page 1, bottom of page, replace:
  ", and there's a U.S law mandating ... provisions)."
  with:
  ", and the DoD has at least 58 million source lines of code in Ada."
 
  Rationale: U.S. law and DoD policies have changed.
 
 
* Page 2, first paragraph, append the following sentence at the end:
 
  "Ada is used in the Boeing 777."
 
  Rationale: It's an obvious example of non-DoD work; Boeing didn't
  need to use Ada, but chose to do so on its most recent major plane.
 
 
* Page 3, item 7: change the word "standard" to the phrase
  "internationally standardized".
 
  Rationale: It turns out that ANSI standardized LISP's OO extensions first.
  Ada was the still the first to make it through ISO.
 
 
* Page 5, Section 1.2, item 1: Don't split "--" across a line.
  Also, change "C++" to "C++ and Java".
 
  Rationale: It's hard to understand the text this way, and Java deserves
  an early mention.
 
 
* Page 23, Section 3.4 Quiz, item 2:
  the first double-quote (") should be two adjacent single-quotes ('').
 
  Rationale: This is probably the worst error -- it makes a quiz
  question impossible to answer!  It's also understandable how this
  error snuck in.
 
 
* Page 269: second-to-last line.
  Change "may run" to "may not run".
 
  Rationale: The comment is the reverse of the truth!
 
 
* Index: to match the new text in the preface, add the following index
  entries:
 
  Lovelace    viii
  Ada, Countess of Lovelace   viii
 
 
* Last section in lesson 14 -- the URL for the Booch components has changed.
  change "www.ocsystems.com/booch" to "www.rivatech.com/booch"



* From: Michael Feldman <mfeldman@seas.gwu.edu>

... it's hard to isolate specific errata here. The problem is your treatment
of Ada bits within the running text:

- sometimes they are italicized
- sometimes they are in roman but in quotes
- sometimes they are just in roman

It's more a question of consistency than correctness, a matter of
choosing a consistent style. In my case, I made the choice that
_any_ Ada word appearing in the running text was in Courier, period.
That way, the running text always agreed with the program examples.
Many authors use this style, and I'd recommend it to you too.
No quotes, no italics. The first printing, of course, had some
wrong-font typos, but I think these are fixed.

I use italics for the first occurrence of a defined term, but never
for an Ada reserved word or identifier. Occasionally I will italicize
a phrase for emphasis, but my copy editor un-italicized most of these,
saying that the words should speak for themselves and emnphasis should
be used sparingly and only where _really_ needed.



