4Suite.spec: A collections of XML-related technologies for python
Canna.spec: Japanese input system
Canna.spec: Development library and header file for Canna
Canna.spec: Runtime library for Canna
Distutils.spec: Python Distribution Utilities
ElectricFence.spec: A debugger which detects memory allocation violations.
FreeWnn.spec: FreeWnn Japanese Input System
FreeWnn.spec: development library and header file for FreeWnn
FreeWnn.spec: common File for Wnn
FreeWnn.spec: runtime library for FreeWnn
FreeWnn.spec: cWnn Chinese Input System
FreeWnn.spec: cWnn/tWnn Chinese Input System common file
FreeWnn.spec: development library and header file for cWnn,tWnn.
FreeWnn.spec: tWnn Chinese Input System
FreeWnn.spec: kWnn Korean Input System
FreeWnn.spec: development library and header file for kWnn
ImageMagick.spec: An X application for displaying and manipulating images.
ImageMagick.spec: Static libraries and header files for ImageMagick app development.
ImageMagick.spec: ImageMagick Magick++ library
ImageMagick.spec: C++ bindings for the ImageMagick library
LPRng.spec: LPRng Print Spooler
MAKEDEV.spec: A program used for creating the device files in /dev.
MAKEDEV.spec: The most commonly-used entries in the /dev directory.
Maelstrom.spec: Maelstrom
Mesa.spec: A 3-D graphics library similar to OpenGL.
Mesa.spec: Development files for the Mesa 3-D graphics library.
Mesa.spec: Demos for the Mesa 3D graphics library.
ORBit.spec: A high-performance CORBA Object Request Broker.
ORBit.spec: Development libraries, header files and utilities for ORBit.
Perl-RPM.spec: Perl-RPM module for perl 
SDL.spec: Simple DirectMedia Layer
SDL.spec: Libraries, includes and more to develop SDL applications.
SDL_image.spec: Simple DirectMedia Layer - Sample Image Loading Library
SDL_image.spec: Libraries, includes and more to develop SDL applications.
SDL_mixer.spec: Simple DirectMedia Layer - Sample Mixer Library
SDL_mixer.spec: Libraries, includes and more to develop SDL applications using the SDL mixer.
SysVinit.spec: Programs which control basic system processes.
VFlib2.spec:	The vector font library (VFlib2)
VFlib2.spec:  header files and static library for VFlib v2.24.0.
VFlib2.spec: Other useful files for using VFlib2
WindowMaker.spec: A window manager for the X Window System.
WindowMaker.spec:  Libraries bundled with WindowMaker
Wnn6-SDK.spec: Wnn6 Client Library
Wnn6-SDK.spec: development library and header file for Wnn6
XFree86-ISO8859-7.spec: Greek language fonts for the X Window System.
XFree86-ISO8859-7.spec: ISO 8859-7 fonts in 75 dpi resolution for the X Window System.
XFree86-ISO8859-7.spec: ISO 8859-7 fonts in 100 dpi resolution for the X Window System.
XFree86-ISO8859-7.spec: Type 1 scalable Greek (ISO 8859-7 ) fonts
XFree86-ISO8859-9.spec: Turkish language fonts and modmaps for X.
XFree86-ISO8859-9.spec: 75 dpi Turkish (ISO8859-9) fonts for X.
XFree86-ISO8859-9.spec: 100 dpi Turkish (ISO8859-9) fonts for X.
XFree86-KOI8-R.spec: Russian and Ukrainian language fonts for the X Window System.
XFree86-KOI8-R.spec: A set of 75 dpi Russian and Ukrainian language fonts for X.
XFree86-KOI8-R.spec: KOI8-R fonts in 100 dpi resolution for the X Window System.
XFree86-jpfonts.spec: Japanese fixed fonts for X11
XFree86.spec: The basic fonts, programs and docs for an X workstation.
XFree86.spec: A font server for the X Window System.
XFree86.spec: A simple window manager
XFree86.spec: X11R6 static libraries, headers and programming man pages.
XFree86.spec: X Display Manager
XFree86.spec: Shared libraries needed by the X Window System version 11 release 6.4
XFree86.spec: X Window System 100dpi fonts.
XFree86.spec: A set of 75 dpi resolution fonts for the X Window System.
XFree86.spec: Cyrillic fonts for X.
XFree86.spec: A set of 100 dpi Central European language fonts for X.
XFree86.spec: A set of 75 dpi Central European language fonts for X.
XFree86.spec: A set of Type1 Central European language fonts for X.
XFree86.spec: Documentation on various X11 programming interfaces.
XFree86.spec: A nested XFree86 server.
XFree86.spec: A virtual framebuffer X Windows System server for XFree86.
XFree86.spec: Video for Linux (V4L) support for XFree86
XFree86.spec: Various tools for XFree86
XFree86.spec: XFree86 configurator
Xaw3d.spec: A version of the MIT Athena widget set for X.
Xaw3d.spec: Header files and static libraries for development using Xaw3d.
Xconfigurator.spec: The Red Hat Linux configuration tool for the X Window System.
a2ps.spec: Converts text and other types of files to PostScript(TM).
abiword.spec: The AbiWord word processor
adjtimex.spec: A utility for adjusting kernel time variables.
alchemist.spec: A multi-sourced configuration back-end.
am-utils.spec: Automount utilities including an updated version of Amd.
amanda.spec: A network-capable tape backup solution.
amanda.spec: The client component of the AMANDA tape backup system.
amanda.spec: The server side of the AMANDA tape backup system.
amanda.spec: Libraries and documentation of the AMANDA tape backup system.
anaconda.spec: The Red Hat Linux installation program.
anaconda.spec: Red Hat Linux installer portions needed only for fresh installs.
anacron.spec: A cron-like program that can run jobs lost during downtime.
anonftp.spec: A fast, read-only, anonymous FTP server.
apache.spec: The most widely used web server on the Internet.
apache.spec: Cryptography support for the Apache web server.
apache.spec: Development tools for the Apache web server.
apache.spec: Documentation for the Apache web server.
apacheconf.spec: Apache configuration tool
apmd.spec: Advanced Power Management (APM) BIOS utilities for laptops.
ash.spec: A smaller version of the Bourne shell (sh).
asp2php.spec: asp2php converts WWW Active Server Pages to PHP pages
asp2php.spec: gtk+ frontend for asp2php
aspell-ca.spec: Catalan files for aspell
aspell-da.spec: Danish files for aspell
aspell-de.spec: German files for aspell
aspell-es.spec: Spanish files for aspell
aspell-fr.spec: French files for aspell
aspell-it.spec: Italian files for aspell
aspell-nl.spec: Dutch files for aspell
aspell-no.spec: Norwegian files for aspell
aspell-pt_BR.spec: Aspell dictionary for Brazilian Portuguese
aspell-sv.spec: Swedish files for aspell
aspell.spec: A spelling checker.
aspell.spec: The static libraries and header files needed for Aspell development.
aspell.spec: British dictionary for aspell
aspell.spec: Canadian dictionary
at.spec: Job spooling tools.
audiofile.spec: A library for accessing various audio file formats.
audiofile.spec: Libraries, includes and other files to develop audiofile applications.
aumix.spec: An ncurses-based audio mixer.
aumix.spec: An X11-based audio mixer
auth_ldap.spec: This is an LDAP authentication module for Apache.
authconfig.spec: Text-mode tool for setting up NIS and shadow passwords.
autoconf.spec: A GNU tool for automatically configuring source code.
autofs.spec: A tool for automatically mounting and unmounting filesystems.
automake.spec: A GNU tool for automatically creating Makefiles.
autorun.spec: A CD-ROM mounting utility.
awesfx.spec: Utility programs for the AWE32 sound driver.
balsa.spec:   Balsa Mail Client
basesystem.spec: The skeleton package which defines a simple Red Hat Linux system.
bash.spec: The GNU Bourne Again shell (bash) version %{version}.
bash.spec: Documentation for the GNU Bourne Again shell (bash) version %{version}.
bc.spec: GNU's bc (a numeric processing language) and dc (a calculator).
bdflush-1.5.spec: The daemon which starts the flushing of dirty buffers back to disk.
bind.spec: A DNS (Domain Name System) server.
bind.spec: A DNS (Domain Name System) server.
bind.spec: A DNS (Domain Name System) server.
bindconf.spec: Red Hat DNS configuration tool
binutils.spec: A GNU collection of binary utilities.
bison.spec: A GNU general-purpose parser generator.
blt.spec: A Tk toolkit extension.
bootparamd.spec: A server process which provides boot information to diskless clients.
bug-buddy.spec: Utility to ease the reporting of bugs within the GNOME Desktop Environment.
byacc-1.9.spec: A public domain Yacc parser generator.
bzip2.spec: A file compression utility.
bzip2.spec: Header files and libraries for developing apps which will use bzip2.
caching-nameserver.spec: The configuration files for setting up a caching name server.
cdecl-2.5.spec: Programs for encoding and decoding C and C++ function declarations.
cdp.spec: An interactive text-mode program for playing audio CD-ROMs.
cdparanoia.spec: A Compact Disc Digital Audio (CDDA) extraction tool (or ripper).
cdparanoia.spec: Development tools for libcdda_paranoia (Paranoia III).
cdrecord.spec: A command line CD/DVD recording program.
cdrecord.spec: The libschily SCSI user level transport library.
cdrecord.spec: Creates an image of an ISO9660 filesystem.
cdrecord.spec: A utility for sampling/copying .wav files from digital audio CDs.
chkconfig.spec: A system tool for maintaining the /etc/rc*.d hierarchy.
chkconfig.spec: A tool to set the stop/start of system services in a runlevel.
chkfontpath.spec: Simple interface for editing the font path for the X font server.
cipe.spec: Kernel Module and Daemon for VPN
cleanfeed.spec: A spam filter for Usenet news servers.
comsat.spec: A mail checker client and the comsat mail checking server.
console-tools.spec: Tools for configuring the console.
control-center.spec: The GNOME Control Center.
control-center.spec: The GNOME Control Center development environment.
control-panel.spec: A Red Hat sysadmin utility program launcher for X.
cpio.spec: A GNU archiving program.
cproto.spec: Generates function prototypes and variable declarations from C code.
cracklib.spec: A password-checking library.
cracklib.spec: The standard CrackLib dictionaries.
crontabs.spec: Root crontab files used to schedule the execution of programs.
ctags.spec: A C programming language indexing and/or cross-reference tool.
cvs.spec: A version control system.
cxhextris.spec: An X Window System color version of xhextris.
cyrus-sasl.spec: The Cyrus SASL library.
cyrus-sasl.spec: Files needed for developing applications with Cyrus SASL.
cyrus-sasl.spec: GSSAPI support for Cyrus SASL.
db1.spec: The BSD database library for C (version 1).
db1.spec: Development libs/header files for Berkeley DB (version 1) library.
db2.spec: The BSD database library for C (version 2).
db2.spec: Development libs/header files for Berkeley DB (version 2) library.
db3.spec: The Berkeley DB database library for C.
db3.spec: Command line tools for managing Berkeley DB databases.
db3.spec: Development libraries/header files for the Berkeley DB library.
dbskkd-cdb.spec: A dictionary server for the SKK Japanese input method system
ddskk.spec: Daredevil SKK - Simple Kana to Kanji conversion program
ddskk.spec: Emacs Lisp source file of skk
desktop-backgrounds.spec: Desktop background images.
dev86.spec: A real mode 80x86 assembler and linker.
dhcp.spec: A DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) server and relay agent.
dhcpcd.spec: A DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) client.
dia.spec:	A diagram drawing program.
dialog.spec: A utility for creating TTY dialog boxes.
diffstat.spec: A utility which provides statistics based on the output of diff.
diffutils.spec: A GNU collection of diff utilities.
dip.spec: Handles the connections needed for dialup IP links.
dmalloc.spec: Debug Malloc (Dmalloc)
docbook-dtd30-sgml.spec: SGML document type definition for DocBook.
docbook-dtd31-sgml.spec: SGML document type definition for DocBook 3.1.
docbook-dtd40-sgml.spec: SGML document type definition for DocBook 4.0.
docbook-dtd41-sgml.spec: SGML document type definition for DocBook 4.1.
docbook-dtd41-xml.spec: XML document type definition for DocBook 4.1.
docbook-style-dsssl.spec: Norman Walsh's modular stylesheets for DocBook.
docbook-utils.spec: Shell scripts to manage DocBook documents.
docbook-utils.spec: A script to convert DocBook documents to PDF.
dos2unix.spec: Text file format converter
dosfstools.spec: Utilities for making and checking MS-DOS FAT filesystems on Linux.
doxygen.spec: A documentation system for C and C++.
dump.spec: Programs for backing up and restoring filesystems.
dump.spec: Provides certain programs with access to remote tape devices.
dump.spec: Statically linked versions of dump and restore.
e.spec: The Enlightenment window manager.
e2fsprogs.spec: Utilities for managing the second extended (ext2) filesystem.
e2fsprogs.spec: Ext2 filesystem-specific static libraries and headers.
ed.spec: The GNU line editor.
ee.spec: The Electric Eyes image viewer application.
efax.spec: A program for faxing using a Class 1, 2 or 2.0 fax modem.
eject.spec: A program that ejects removable media using software control.
elm.spec: The elm mail user agent.
emacs.spec: The libraries needed to run the GNU Emacs text editor.
emacs.spec: The sources for elisp programs included with Emacs.
emacs.spec: Emacs Lisp code for input methods for international characters.
emacs.spec: The Emacs text editor without support for the X Window System.
emacs.spec: The Emacs text editor for the X Window System.
enscript.spec: A plain ASCII to PostScript converter.
esound.spec: Allows several audio streams to play on a single audio device.
esound.spec: Development files for EsounD applications.
exmh.spec: The exmh mail handling system.
expat.spec: A library for parsing XML.
expat.spec: Libraries and include files to develop XML applications with expat.
ext2ed.spec: An ext2 filesystem editor.
extace.spec: A GNOME sound displayer.
fbset.spec: Tools for managing a frame buffer's video mode properties.
fetchmail.spec: A remote mail retrieval and forwarding utility.
fetchmail.spec: A GUI utility for configuring your fetchmail preferences.
file.spec: A utility for determining file types.
filesystem.spec: The basic directory layout for a Linux system.
fileutils.spec: The GNU versions of common file management utilities.
findutils.spec: The GNU versions of find utilities (find and xargs).
finger.spec: The finger client.
finger.spec: The finger daemon.
firewall-config.spec: A configuration tool for IP firewalls and masquerading.
flex.spec: A tool for creating scanners (text pattern recognizers).
fnlib.spec: Color font rendering library for X11R6.
fnlib.spec: Headers, static libraries and documentation for Fnlib.
fortune-mod.spec: A program which will display a fortune.
freecdb.spec: A fast lookup databse library and utilities
freeciv.spec:	Civilization clone (game)
freetype.spec: A free and portable TrueType font rendering engine.
freetype.spec: A free and portable TrueType font rendering engine.
freetype.spec: A free and portable TrueType font rendering engine.
ftp.spec: The standard UNIX FTP (File Transfer Protocol) client.
ftpcopy.spec: A mirroring tool.
fvwm2.spec: An improved version of the FVWM window manager for X.
fvwm2.spec: Graphics used by the FVWM and FVWM2 window managers.
gaim.spec: A GTK+ clone of the AOL Instant Messenger client.
gal.spec:	The GNOME Application Library
gal.spec:	Development files for the GNOME Applications library
gal.spec:	The GNOME Application Library
gated.spec: The public release version of the GateD routing daemon.
gawk.spec: The GNU version of the awk text processing utility.
gcc.spec: Various compilers (C, C++, Objective-C, Chill, ...)
gcc.spec: C++ support for gcc
gcc.spec: GNU c++ library
gcc.spec: Header files and libraries for C++ development
gcc.spec: Older GNU c++ library
gcc.spec: Header files and libraries for C++ development (libg++)
gcc.spec: Objective C support for gcc
gcc.spec: Fortran 77 support for gcc
gcc.spec: CHILL support for gcc
gcc.spec: Java support for gcc
gcc.spec: The C compiler optimized for generating SPARC 32bit code
gcc.spec: The C++ compiler optimized for generating SPARC 32bit code
gcc.spec: The C Preprocessor.
gd.spec: A graphics library for drawing image files in various formats.
gd.spec: Utility programs that use libgd.
gd.spec: The development libraries and header files for gd.
gdb.spec: A GNU source-level debugger for C, C++ and Fortran.
gdbm.spec: A GNU set of database routines which use extensible hashing.
gdbm.spec: Development libraries and header files for the gdbm library.
gdk-pixbuf.spec: Image loading library used with GNOME
gdk-pixbuf.spec:	Libraries and headers for application development with gdk-pixbuf
gdm.spec: The GNOME Display Manager.
gedit.spec:	gEdit is a small but powerful text editor for GNOME.
gedit.spec: The files needed for developing plug-ins for the gEdit editor.
genromfs.spec: Utility for creating romfs filesystems.
gettext.spec: GNU libraries and utilities for producing multi-lingual messages.
gftp.spec: A multi-threaded FTP client for the X Window System.
ghostscript-fonts.spec: Fonts for the Ghostscript PostScript(TM) interpreter.
ghostscript.spec: A PostScript(TM) interpreter and renderer.
giftrans.spec: A program for making transparent GIFs from non-transparent GIFs.
gimp-data-extras.spec: The GNU Image Manipulation Program
gimp.spec: The GNU Image Manipulation Program
gimp.spec: GIMP plugin and extension development kit
gimp.spec: GIMP perl extensions and plugins.
gkermit.spec: A utility for transferring files using the Kermit protocol.
glade.spec: A GTK+ GUI builder.
glib.spec: A library of handy utility functions.
glib.spec: The GIMP ToolKit (GTK+) and GIMP Drawing Kit (GDK) support library.
glibc.spec: The GNU libc libraries.
glibc.spec: Header and object files for development using standard C libraries.
glibc.spec: The GNU libc libraries, including support for gprof profiling.
glibc.spec: Common binaries and locale data for glibc
glibc.spec: A Name Service Caching Daemon (nscd).
glms.spec:	A GNOME hardware monitoring applet.
gmp.spec: A GNU arbitrary precision library.
gmp.spec: Development tools for the GNU MP arbitrary precision library.
gnome-applets.spec:	Small applications which embed themselves in the GNOME panel
gnome-audio.spec: Sounds for GNOME events.
gnome-audio.spec: Files needed for customizing GNOME event sounds.
gnome-core.spec:	The core programs for the GNOME GUI desktop environment.
gnome-core.spec:	GNOME core libraries, headers and more.
gnome-games.spec: GNOME games.
gnome-games.spec: GNOME games development libraries.
gnome-kerberos.spec: Kerberos 5 tools for GNOME.
gnome-libs.spec:	Main GNOME libraries
gnome-libs.spec:	Libraries and headers for GNOME application development
gnome-linuxconf.spec: The GNOME front-end for linuxconf.
gnome-lokkit.spec:	Firewall configuration application for an average end user.
gnome-lokkit.spec: Firewall configuration application for an average end user.
gnome-media.spec: GNOME media programs.
gnome-objc.spec: Objective C libraries for the GNOME desktop environment.
gnome-objc.spec: Files needed to develop Objective C GNOME applications.
gnome-pim.spec: The GNOME Personal Information Manager.
gnome-pim.spec: GNOME PIM development files
gnome-print.spec:	Printing libraries for GNOME
gnome-print.spec:	Printing libraries for GNOME
gnome-print.spec: Libraries and include files for developing GNOME applications.
gnome-python.spec: The sources for the PyGTK and PyGNOME Python extension modules.
gnome-python.spec: Python bindings for the GTK+ widget set.
gnome-python.spec: A wrapper for the libglade library for use with PyGTK
gnome-python.spec: GNOME support for the libglade python wrapper
gnome-python.spec: Python bindings for the GNOME libraries.
gnome-python.spec: Python bindings for GNOME Panel applets.
gnome-python.spec: Python bindings for GNOME Panel applets.
gnome-utils.spec: GNOME utility programs.
gnorpm.spec: A graphical front-end to RPM for GNOME.
gnuchess.spec: The GNU chess program.
gnumeric.spec:	A full-featured spreadsheet for GNOME.
gnumeric.spec: Files necessary to develop gnumeric-based applications.
gnupg.spec: A GNU utility for secure communication and data storage.
gnuplot.spec: A program for plotting mathematical expressions and data.
gperf.spec: A perfect hash function generator.
gphoto.spec: Allows you to retrieve and manipulate images from digital cameras
gpm.spec: A mouse server for the Linux console.
gpm.spec: A mouse server for the Linux console.
gq.spec: A graphical LDAP directory browser and editor.
gqview.spec: An image viewer.
grep.spec: The GNU versions of grep pattern matching utilities.
groff.spec: A document formatting system.
groff.spec: Parts of the groff formatting system that require Perl.
groff.spec: An X previewer for groff text processor output.
gsl.spec: The GNU Scientific Library for numerical analysis.
gsm.spec: A GSM sound format compressor/decompressor.
gsm.spec: A development library and headers for GSM use
gtk+.spec: The GIMP ToolKit (GTK+), a library for creating GUIs for X.
gtk+.spec: Development tools for GTK+ (GIMP ToolKit) applications.
gtk-doc.spec: API documentation generation tool for GTK+ and GNOME
gtk-engines.spec: Theme engines for GTK+.
gtop.spec: The GNOME system monitor.
guile.spec: A GNU implementation of Scheme for application extensibility.
guile.spec: Libraries and header files for the GUILE extensibility library.
gv.spec: A X front-end for the Ghostscript PostScript(TM) interpreter.
gzip.spec: The GNU data compression program.
hdparm.spec: A utility for displaying and/or setting hard disk parameters.
hotplug.spec: A helper application for loading modules for USB devices
htdig.spec: ht://Dig - Web search engine
htdig.spec: Scripts and HTML code needed for using ht://Dig as a web search engine
htmlview.spec: Script that calls up whatever HTML viewer is installed/preferred
ical.spec: An X Window System-based calendar program.
im.spec: Internet Message
imap.spec: Server daemons for IMAP and POP network mail protocols.
imap.spec: Development tools for programs which will use the IMAP library.
imlib.spec: An image loading and rendering library for X11R6.
imlib.spec: Development tools for Imlib applications.
imlib.spec: A configuration editor for the Imlib library.
indent.spec: A GNU program for formatting C code.
indexhtml.spec: The Web page you'll see after installing Red Hat Linux.
initscripts.spec: The inittab file and the /etc/init.d scripts.
inn.spec: The InterNetNews (INN) system, an Usenet news server.
inn.spec: The INN (InterNetNews) library.
inn.spec: Sends Usenet articles to a local news server for distribution.
internet-config.spec: Configuration tool for internet connections
inti.spec: Inti Libraries
inti.spec: Inti foundation libraries
ipchains.spec: Tools for managing Linux kernel packet filtering capabilities.
iproute.spec: Enhanced IP routing and network devices configuration tools
iptables.spec: Tools for managing Linux kernel packet filtering capabilities.
iptables.spec: IPv6 support for iptables
iputils.spec: The ping program for checking to see if network hosts are alive.
ircii.spec: An Internet Relay Chat (IRC) client.
irda-utils.spec: Utilities for infrared communication between devices.
isapnptools.spec: Utilities for configuring ISA Plug-and-Play (PnP) devices.
isdn4k-utils.spec: Utilities for configuring an ISDN subsystem.
isdn4k-utils.spec: An ISDN connection load average display for the X Window System.
isicom.spec: Multitech IntelligentSerialInternal (ISI) Support Tools
jadetex.spec: TeX macros used by Jade TeX output.
jcode.pl.spec: Perl library for Japanese character code conversion
jed.spec: A fast, compact editor based on the S-Lang screen library.
jed.spec: Files needed by any Jed text editor.
jed.spec: The X Window System version of the Jed text editor.
jed.spec: A grep utility which can recursively descend through directories.
jikes.spec: A Java source file to bytecode compiler.
jisksp14.spec: 14 dots jis auxiliary kanji font
jisksp16-1990.spec: 16 dots jis auxiliary kanji font
joe.spec: An easy to use, modeless text editor.
joystick.spec: Utilities for configuring most popular joysticks.
kaffe.spec: A free virtual machine for running Java(TM) code.
kakasi.spec: KAKASI - kanji kana simple inverter
kakasi.spec: header file and libraries of KAKASI
kakasi.spec: The base dictionary of KAKASI
kappa20.spec: Kappa 20dot Font
kbdconfig.spec: A text-based interface for setting and loading a keyboard map.
kcc.spec: Kanji Code Converter
kdbg.spec: A GUI for gdb, the GNU debugger, and KDE.
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Internationalization support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Afrikaans language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Bulgarian language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Breton language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Catalan language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Czech language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Cymraeg language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Danish language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: German language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Greek language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Brisish English support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Esperanto support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Spanish language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Estonian language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Basque language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Finnish language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: French language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Irish language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Galician language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Hebrew language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Croatian language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Hungarian language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Icelandic language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Italian language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Japanese language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Korean language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Lithuanian language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Maori language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Macedonian language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Dutch language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Norwegian (Bokmaal) language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Norwegian (Nynorsk) language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Polish language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Portuguese language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Brazil Portuguese language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Romanian language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Russian language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Slovak language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Slovenian language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Serbian language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Swedish language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Tamil language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Thai language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Turkish language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Ukrainian language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Walloon language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Chinese (Simplified Chinese) language support for KDE
kde-i18n-2.1.spec: Chinese (Big5) language support for KDE
kdeadmin-2.1.spec: K Desktop Environment - Admin tools
kdebase-2.1.spec: K Desktop Environment - core files
kdebindings-2.1.spec: KDE bindings to non-C++ languages
kdebindings-2.1.spec: Development files for %{name}
kdebindings-2.1.spec: KDE bindings to mozilla
kdegames-2.1.spec: K Desktop Environment - Games
kdegraphics-2.1.spec: K Desktop Environment - Graphics Applications
kdelibs-2.1.spec: K Desktop Environment - Libraries
kdelibs-2.1.spec: Header files and documentation for compiling KDE applications.
kdelibs-2.1.spec: K Desktop Environment - Libraries for sound support
kdelibs-2.1.spec: arts (analog real-time synthesizer) - the KDE 2.x sound system
kdelibs-2.1.spec: Header files and documentation for compiling KDE applications with sound
kdemultimedia-2.1.spec: Multimedia applications for the K Desktop Environment (KDE).
kdenetwork-2.1.spec: K Desktop Environment - Network Applications
kdenetwork-2.1.spec: K Desktop Environment - PPP Network Applications
kdepim-2.1.spec: PIM (Personal Information Manager) for KDE
kdesdk-2.1.spec: KDE SDK
kdesdk-2.1.spec: Development files for %{name}
kdesupport-2.1.spec: K Desktop Environment - Support Libraries
kdesupport-2.1.spec: Header files and documentation for KDE Support Libraries
kdetoys-2.1.spec: K Desktop Environment - Toys and Amusements
kdeutils-2.1.spec: K Desktop Environment - Utilities
kdevelop-1.4.spec: Integrated Development Environment for C++/C
kdoc-2.1.spec: Documentation for the K Desktop Environment (KDE) 2.0.
kernel-2.4.spec: The Linux kernel (the core of the Linux operating system)
kernel-2.4.spec: The source code for the Linux kernel.
kernel-2.4.spec: Header files for the Linux kernel.
kernel-2.4.spec: Various documentation bits found in the kernel source.
kernel-2.4.spec: Device filesystem management daemon
kernel-2.4.spec: The Linux kernel compiled for SMP machines.
kernel-2.4.spec: The Linux Kernel compiled with options for Enterprise server usage.
kernel-2.4.spec: The version of the Linux kernel used on installation boot disks.
kernel-2.4.spec: The Linux kernel used on installation boot disks for SMP machines.
kernel-2.4.spec: The Linux Kernel compiled for the Alpha Jensen platform.
kernel-pcmcia-cs.spec: The daemon and device drivers for using PCMCIA adapters.
kinput2.spec: kinput2 - kanji input server for X11
kinput2.spec: kinput2 for Canna
kinput2.spec: kinput2 for Wnn4
kinput2.spec: kinput2 for both Canna and Wnn4
kinput2.spec: kinput2 for Wnn6
kinput2.spec: kinput2 for both Canna and Wnn6
knm_new.spec: Kaname-cho font, revised version
koffice-2.0.spec: Set of office applications for KDE
kon2.spec: KON - Kanji ON Linux console
kon2.spec: Fonts for KON
kpppload.spec: A PPP connection load monitor for KDE.
krb5.spec: The Kerberos network authentication system.
krb5.spec: Development files needed for compiling Kerberos 5 programs.
krb5.spec: The shared libraries used by Kerberos 5.
krb5.spec: The server programs for Kerberos 5.
krb5.spec: Kerberos 5 programs for use on workstations.
krbafs.spec: A Kerberos to AFS bridging library, built against Kerberos 5.
krbafs.spec: Kerberos/AFS utility binaries.
ksconfig.spec: A graphical interface for making kickstart files.
ksymoops.spec: Kernel oops and error message decoder
kterm.spec: A Kanji (Japanese character set) terminal emulator for X.
kudzu.spec: The Red Hat Linux hardware probing tool.
kudzu.spec: Development files needed for hardware probing using kudzu.
lam.spec: LAM (Local Area Multicomputer) programming environment
lapack.spec: The LAPACK libraries for numerical linear algebra.
lapack.spec: The BLAS (Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms) library for Linux.
lapack.spec: Man pages for BLAS (Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms) routines.
lapack.spec: Documentation for the LAPACK numerical linear algebra libraries.
lclint.spec: An implementation of the lint program
less.spec: A text file browser similar to more, but better.
libPropList.spec: Ensures program compatibility with GNUstep/OPENSTEP.
libelf-0.6.4.spec: An ELF object file access library.
libgcj.spec: Java runtime library for gcc
libgcj.spec: Libraries for Java development using gcc
libghttp.spec: GNOME http client library.
libghttp.spec: GNOME http client development
libglade.spec:	The libglade library for loading user interfaces
libglade.spec:	The files needed for libglade application development.
libgtop.spec: The LibGTop library
libgtop.spec: Libraries, includes and other files to develop LibGTop applications.
libgtop.spec: These are examples for LibGTop, a library which retrieves information about your system, such as CPU and memory usage.
libjpeg-6a.spec: A library for manipulating JPEG image format files.
libjpeg.spec: A library for manipulating JPEG image format files.
libjpeg.spec: Development tools for programs which will use the libjpeg library.
libmng.spec: Library for supporting MNG (Animated PNG) graphics
libmng.spec: Development files for the MNG (Animated PNG) library
libmng.spec: MNG (Animated PNG) library for static linking
libodbc++.spec: An ODBC class library that emulates the JDBC interface
libodbc++.spec: Development files for programs which use the odbc++ library.
libodbc++.spec: qt libodbc++ libraries
libogg.spec:	Ogg Bitstream Library
libogg.spec: Ogg Bitstream Library Development
libole2.spec:	Structured Storage OLE2 library
libole2.spec:	Libraries, includes, etc to develop libole2 applications
libpng.spec: A library of functions for manipulating PNG image format files.
libpng.spec: Development tools for programs to manipulate PNG image format files.
librep.spec: An embeddable LISP environment.
librep.spec: Include files and link libraries for librep development.
libtermcap.spec: A basic system library for accessing the termcap database.
libtermcap.spec: Development tools for programs which will access the termcap database.
libtiff.spec: A library of functions for manipulating TIFF format image files.
libtiff.spec: Development tools for programs which will use the libtiff library.
libtool.spec: The GNU libtool, which simplifies the use of shared libraries.
libtool.spec: Runtime libraries for GNU libtool.
libungif.spec: A library for manipulating GIF format image files.
libungif.spec: Development tools for programs which will use the libungif library.
libungif.spec: Programs for manipulating GIF format image files.
libunicode.spec: A unicode manipulation library
libunicode.spec: A unicode manipulation library
libxml.spec: An XML library.
libxml.spec: Libraries, includes and other files to develop libxml applications.
licq.spec: An ICQ clone for online messaging.
lilo.spec: The boot loader for Linux and other operating systems.
links.spec: text mode www browser with support for frames
linuxconf.spec: A system configuration tool.
linuxconf.spec: The tools needed for developing linuxconf modules.
lm_sensors.spec: Hardware monitoring tools.
lm_sensors.spec: Hardware monitoring tools.
lm_sensors.spec: Development files for programs which will use lm_sensors.
locale_config.spec: Locale configuration
lockdev.spec: A library for locking devices
lockdev.spec: headers and a static library for lockdev
logrotate.spec: Rotates, compresses, removes and mails system log files.
lout.spec: The Lout document formatting language.
lout.spec: The documentation for the Lout document formatting language.
lrzsz.spec: The lrz and lsz modem communications programs.
lslk.spec: A lock file lister.
lsof.spec: A utility which lists open files on a Linux/UNIX system.
ltrace.spec: Tracks runtime library calls from dynamically linked executables.
lv.spec: A Powerful Multilingual File Viewer
lynx.spec: A text-based Web browser.
m4.spec: The GNU macro processor.
macutils.spec: Utilities for manipulating Macintosh file formats.
magicdev.spec: A GNOME daemon for automatically mounting/playing CDs.
mailcap.spec: Associates helper applications with particular file types.
mailx.spec: The /bin/mail program for sending e-mail messages.
make.spec: A GNU tool which simplifies the build process for users.
man-pages-cs.spec: Czech man (manual) pages from the Linux Documentation Project
man-pages-da.spec: Danish man (manual) pages from the Linux Documentation Project
man-pages-de.spec: German man (manual) pages from the Linux Documentation Project
man-pages-es.spec: Spanish man (manual) pages from the Linux Documentation Project
man-pages-fr.spec: French man (manual) pages from the Linux Documentation Project
man-pages-it.spec: Italian man (manual) pages from the Linux Documentation Project
man-pages-ja.spec: Japanese man (manual) pages from the Linux Documentation Project
man-pages-pl.spec: Polish man (manual) pages from the Linux Documentation Project
man-pages-ru.spec: Russian man (manual) pages from the Linux Documentation Project
man-pages.spec: Man (manual) pages from the Linux Documentation Project.
man.spec: A set of documentation tools:  man, apropos and whatis.
mars-nwe.spec: NetWare file and print servers which run on Linux systems.
mawk.spec: An interpreter for the awk programming language.
mc.spec: A user-friendly file manager and visual shell.
mc.spec: The GNOME version of the Midnight Commander file manager.
mc.spec: Server for the Midnight Commander network file management system.
memprof.spec: Tool for memory profiling and leak detection
metamail.spec: A program for handling multimedia mail using the mailcap file.
mgetty.spec: A getty replacement for use with data and fax modems.
mgetty.spec: Provides support for sending faxes over a modem.
mgetty.spec: A program for using your modem and mgetty as an answering machine.
mgetty.spec: An X Window System fax viewer.
mikmod.spec: A MOD music file player.
mingetty.spec: A compact getty program for virtual consoles only.
minicom.spec: A text-based modem control and terminal emulation program.
mkbootdisk.spec: Creates an initial ramdisk image for preloading modules.
mkinitrd.spec: Creates an initial ramdisk image for preloading modules.
mkkickstart.spec: Writes a kickstart description of the current machine.
mktemp.spec: A small utility for safely making /tmp files.
mkxauth.spec: A utility for managing .Xauthority files.
mod_dav.spec: A DAV module for Apache.
mod_perl.spec: An embedded Perl interpreter for the Apache Web server.
modemtool-1.22.spec: A tool for selecting the serial port your modem is connected to.
modutils.spec: The kernel daemon (kerneld) and kernel module utilities.
mount.spec: Programs for mounting and unmounting filesystems.
mount.spec: Programs for setting up and configuring loopback devices.
mouseconfig.spec: The Red Hat Linux mouse configuration tool.
mozilla-0.7.spec:     Web browser and mail reader
mozilla-0.7.spec: Development files for Mozilla
mozilla-0.7.spec: Mozilla-based mail system
mozilla-0.7.spec: SSL support for Mozilla.
mpage.spec: A tool for printing multiple pages of text on each printed page.
mpg123.spec: An MPEG audio player.
mt-st.spec: Install mt-st if you need a tool to control tape drives.
mtools.spec: Programs for accessing MS-DOS disks without mounting the disks.
mtr.spec: Ping/Traceroute network diagnostic tool
mtr.spec: Ping/Traceroute network diagnostic tool - GTK Interface
mtx.spec: Controls the robotic mechanism in DDS Tape drive autoloaders.
multimedia.spec: Several X utilities mainly for use with multimedia files.
mutt.spec: A text mode mail user agent.
mysql.spec: MySQL client program and shared library
mysql.spec: MySQL server
mysql.spec: MySQL devel
nasm.spec: The Netwide Assembler, a portable x86 assembler with Intel-like syntax
nasm.spec: Extensive documentation for NASM
nasm.spec: Tools for the RDOFF binary format, sometimes used with NASM.
nc.spec: Reads and writes data across network connections using TCP or UDP.
ncftp.spec: An improved FTP client.
ncompress.spec: Fast compression and decompression utilities.
ncpfs.spec: Utilities for the ncpfs filesystem, a NetWare client for Linux.
ncpfs.spec: Tools for configuring and debugging IPX interfaces and networks.
ncurses.spec: A CRT screen handling and optimization package.
ncurses.spec: The development files for applications which use ncurses.
net-tools.spec: The basic tools for setting up networking.
netcfg.spec: A network configuration tool.
netpbm.spec: A library for handling different graphics file formats.
netpbm.spec: Development tools for programs which will use the netpbm libraries.
netpbm.spec: Tools for manipulating graphics files in netpbm supported formats.
netscape.spec: The Netscape Communicator suite of tools.
netscape.spec: Files shared by Netscape Navigator and Communicator.
netscape.spec: The Netscape Communicator suite of tools.
netscape.spec: The Netscape Navigator Web browser.
newt.spec: A development library for text mode user interfaces.
newt.spec: Newt windowing toolkit development files.
newt.spec: Snack for python2
nfs-utils.spec: NFS utlilities and supporting daemons for the kernel NFS server.
njamd.spec: An advanced debugger which detects memory allocation violations.
nkf.spec: Network Kanji code conversion Filter
nmh.spec: A capable mail handling system with a command line interface.
nss_db.spec: NSS library for DB
nss_db.spec: NSS compatibility library for DB
nss_ldap.spec: NSS library and PAM module for LDAP.
ntp.spec: Synchronizes system time using the Network Time Protocol (NTP).
nut.spec: Network UPS Tools
nut.spec: Network UPS Tools client monitoring utilities
nut.spec: CGI utilities for the Network UPS Tools
nvi-m17n.spec: Multilingualized nex/nvi text editors
nvi-m17n.spec: Multilingualized nex/nvi text editors (canna version)
nvi-m17n.spec: Multilingualized nex/nvi text editors (non canna version)
octave.spec: A high-level language for numerical computations.
open-1.4.spec: A tool which will start a program on a virtual console.
openjade.spec: A DSSSL implementation.
openldap.spec: The configuration files, libraries and documentation for OpenLDAP.
openldap.spec: OpenLDAP development libraries and header files.
openldap.spec: OpenLDAP servers and related files.
openldap.spec: Client programs for OpenLDAP.
openldap12.spec: LDAP libraries.
openssh.spec: OpenSSH free Secure Shell (SSH) implementation
openssh.spec: OpenSSH Secure Shell protocol clients
openssh.spec: OpenSSH Secure Shell protocol server (sshd)
openssh.spec: OpenSSH X11 passphrase dialog
openssh.spec: OpenSSH GNOME passphrase dialog
openssl.spec: Secure Sockets Layer Toolkit
openssl.spec: OpenSSL libraries and development headers.
openssl.spec: OpenSSL scripts which require Perl.
openssl.spec: Support for using OpenSSL in python scripts.
p2c.spec: A Pascal to C translator.
p2c.spec: Files for p2c Pascal to C translator development.
pam.spec: A security tool which provides authentication for applications.
pam.spec: Files needed for developing PAM-aware applications and modules for PAM.
pam_krb5.spec: A Pluggable Authentication Module for Kerberos 5.
pan.spec: A GNOME/GTK+ news reader for X.
parted.spec: The GNU disk partition manipulation program.
parted.spec: The GNU disk partition manipulation program development files.
passwd.spec: The passwd utility for setting/changing passwords using PAM.
patch.spec: The GNU patch command, for modifying/upgrading files.
pax.spec: POSIX File System Archiver
pciutils.spec: Linux PCI utilities.
pciutils.spec: Linux PCI development library.
pdksh.spec: A public domain clone of the Korn shell (ksh).
perl-DBD-Mysql.spec: A MySQL interface for perl
perl-DBD-Pg.spec: A PostgresSQL interface for perl
perl-DBI.spec: A database access API for perl
perl-File-MMagic.spec: file command like perl5 module
perl-NKF.spec: Perl extension for Network Kanji Filter
perl-Text-Kakasi.spec: kakasi library module for perl
perl.spec: The Perl programming language.
php.spec: The PHP scripting language.
php.spec: Files needed for building PHP extensions.
php.spec: A module for PHP applications that use IMAP.
php.spec: A module for PHP applications that use LDAP.
php.spec: The PHP manual, in HTML format.
php.spec: A module for PHP applications that use MySQL databases.
php.spec: A module for PHP applications that use PostgreSQL databases.
pidentd.spec: An implementation of the RFC1413 identification server.
pilot-link.spec: File transfer utilities between Linux and PalmPilots.
pilot-link.spec: PalmPilot development header files.
pine.spec: A commonly used, MIME compliant mail and news reader.
pinfo.spec: An info file viewer.
pkgconfig.spec: A tool for memory profiling and leak detection.
playmidi.spec: A MIDI sound file player.
playmidi.spec: An X Window System based MIDI sound file player.
plugger.spec: A generic netscape plug-in 
pmake.spec: The BSD 4.4 version of make.
pnm2ppa-1.0.spec: Drivers for printing to HP PPA printers.
portmap.spec: A program which manages RPC connections.
postgresql.spec: PostgreSQL client programs and libraries.
postgresql.spec: The programs needed to create and run a PostgreSQL server.
postgresql.spec: PostgreSQL development header files and libraries.
postgresql.spec: A Tcl client library, and the PL/Tcl procedural language for PostgreSQL.
postgresql.spec: Tk shell and tk-based GUI for PostgreSQL.
postgresql.spec: The ODBC driver needed for accessing a PostgreSQL DB using ODBC.
postgresql.spec: Development module needed for Perl code to access a PostgreSQL DB.
postgresql.spec: Development module for Python code to access a PostgreSQL DB.
postgresql.spec: Files needed for Java programs to access a PostgreSQL database.
postgresql.spec: The test suite distributed with PostgreSQL.
ppp.spec: The PPP (Point-to-Point Protocol) daemon.
printconf.spec: A printer configuration backend/frontend combo.
printconf.spec: printconf-backend summary
procinfo.spec: A tool for gathering and displaying system information.
procmail.spec: The procmail mail processing program.
procps.spec: Utilities for monitoring your system and processes on your system.
procps.spec: An X based system message monitoring utility.
psacct-6.3.spec: Utilities for monitoring process activities.
psgml.spec: A GNU Emacs major mode for editing SGML documents.
psmisc.spec: Utilities for managing processes on your system.
pspell.spec: Portable Spell Checker Interface Library.
pspell.spec: Static libraries and header files for pspell
psutils.spec: PostScript Utilities
pump.spec: A Bootp and DHCP client for automatic IP configuration.
pump.spec: Development tools for sending dhcp requests
pvm.spec: Libraries for distributed computing.
pvm.spec: TCL/TK graphical frontend to monitor and manage a PVM cluster.
pwdb.spec: The password database library.
pxe.spec: A Linux PXE (Preboot eXecution Environment) server.
python.spec: An interpreted, interactive object-oriented programming language.
python.spec: The libraries and header files needed for Python development.
python.spec: A collection of development tools included with Python.
python.spec: Documentation for the Python programming language.
python.spec: A graphical user interface for the Python scripting language.
pythonlib.spec: A library of Python code used by various Red Hat Linux programs.
qt.spec: The shared library for the Qt GUI toolkit.
qt.spec: The shared library for the Qt GUI toolkit for framebuffer devices.
qt.spec: Development files and documentation for the Qt GUI toolkit.
qt.spec: Development files and documentation for the Qt GUI toolkit for framebuffer devices.
qt.spec: An Xt (X Toolkit) compatibility add-on for the Qt GUI toolkit.
qt.spec: Version of the Qt GUI toolkit for static linking
qt.spec: Version of the Qt GUI toolkit for framebuffer devices for static linking
qt.spec: Interface designer (IDE) for the Qt toolkit
qt.spec: Interface designer (IDE) for the Qt toolkit for framebuffer devices
quota.spec: System administration tools for monitoring users' disk usage.
raidtools.spec: Tools for creating and maintaining software RAID devices.
rarpd.spec: The RARP daemon.
rcs.spec: Revision Control System (RCS) file version management tools.
rdate.spec: Tool for getting the date/time from another machine on your network.
rdist.spec: Maintains identical copies of files on multiple machines.
readline.spec: A library for editing typed in command lines.
readline.spec: Files needed to develop programs which use the readline library.
redhat-logos.spec: Red Hat-related icons and pictures.
reiserfs-utils.spec: Tools for creating, repairing and debugging ReiserFS filesystems
rep-gtk.spec: GTK+ binding for librep Lisp environment
rep-gtk.spec: librep binding for the libglade library for loading user interfaces.
rep-gtk.spec: GNOME binding for librep
rhmask.spec: Generates and restores mask files based on original and update files.
rhn_register.spec: Red Hat Network Services registration program.
rhn_register.spec: GUI client for the RHN registration program.
rootfiles.spec: The basic required files for the root user's directory.
routed.spec: The routing daemon which maintains routing tables.
rp-pppoe.spec: PPP Over Ethernet (xDSL support)
rp3.spec: The Red Hat graphical PPP management tool.
rpm.spec: The Red Hat package management system.
rpm.spec: Development files for applications which will manipulate RPM packages.
rpm.spec: Scripts and executable programs used to build packages.
rpm.spec: Python bindings for apps which will manipulate RPM packages.
rpm.spec: A C library for parsing command line parameters.
rpm2html.spec: Translates an RPM database and dependency information into HTML.
rpmfind.spec: Finds and transfers RPM files for a specified program.
rpmlint.spec: A development tool for checking the correctness of RPM packages.
rsh.spec: Clients for remote access commands (rsh, rlogin, rcp).
rsh.spec: Servers for remote access commands (rsh, rlogin, rcp).
rsync.spec: A program for synchronizing files over a network.
rusers.spec: Displays the users logged into machines on the local network.
rusers.spec: Server for the rusers protocol.
rwall.spec: Client for sending messages to a host's logged in users.
rwall.spec: Server for sending messages to a host's logged in users.
rwho.spec: Displays who is logged in to local network machines.
rxvt.spec: A color VT102 terminal emulator for the X Window System.
samba.spec: Samba SMB server.
samba.spec: Samba (SMB) client programs.
samba.spec: Files used by both Samba servers and clients.
samba.spec: The Samba SMB server configuration program."
sane.spec: Scanner access software.
sane.spec: The SANE (a universal scanner interface) development toolkit.
sash.spec: A statically linked shell, including some built-in basic commands.
sawfish.spec: An extensible window manager for the X Window System.
sawfish.spec: A GUI for creating sawfish window manager themes.
screen.spec: A screen manager that supports multiple logins on one terminal.
sed.spec: A GNU stream text editor.
semi-emacs.spec: Library to provide MIME feature for Emacs 20
sendmail.spec: A widely used Mail Transport Agent (MTA).
sendmail.spec: Documentation about the Sendmail Mail Transport Agent program.
sendmail.spec: The files needed to reconfigure Sendmail.
setserial.spec: A utility for configuring serial ports.
setup.spec: A set of system configuration and setup files.
setuptool.spec: A text mode system configuration tool.
sgml-common.spec: Common SGML catalog and DTD files.
sgml-tools.spec: A text formatting package based on SGML.
sh-utils.spec: A set of GNU utilities commonly used in shell scripts.
shadow-utils.spec: Utilities for managing shadow password files and user/group accounts.
shapecfg.spec: A configuration tool for setting traffic bandwidth parameters.
sharutils.spec: The GNU shar utilities for packaging and unpackaging shell archives.
skkdic.spec: Dictionary for SKK (Simple Kana-Kanji conversion program)
skkinput.spec: SKK like Japanese-input application
slang.spec: The shared library for the S-Lang extension language.
slang.spec: The static library and header files for development using S-Lang.
sliplogin.spec: A login program for SLIP connections.
slocate.spec: Finds files on a system via a central database.
slrn.spec: A threaded Internet news reader.
slrn.spec: Offline news reading support for the SLRN news reader.
smpeg-xmms.spec: MPEG video plugin for XMMS.
smpeg.spec: SDL MPEG Library
smpeg.spec: Libraries, includes and more to develop SMPEG applications.
sndconfig.spec: The Red Hat Linux sound configuration tool.
sox.spec: A general purpose sound file conversion tool.
sox.spec: The SoX sound file format converter libraries.
specspo.spec: Red Hat package descriptions, summaries, and groups.
squid.spec: The Squid proxy caching server.
stat.spec: A tool for finding out information about a specified file.
statserial.spec: A tool which displays the status of serial port modem lines.
strace.spec: Tracks and displays system calls associated with a running process.
stunnel.spec: SSL-encrypting socket wrapper.
sudo.spec: Allows restricted root access for specified users.
switchdesk.spec: A desktop environment switcher for GNOME, KDE and AnotherLevel.
switchdesk.spec: A KDE interface for the Desktop Switcher.
switchdesk.spec: A GNOME interface for the Desktop Switcher.
symlinks-1.2.spec: A utility which maintains a system's symbolic links.
sysctlconfig.spec: A configuration tool for operating system tunable parameters
sysklogd.spec: System logging and kernel message trapping daemons.
syslinux.spec: Simple kernel loader which boots from a FAT filesystem
sysreport.spec: Gathers system hardware and configuration information.
sysstat.spec: Includes the sar and iostat system monitoring commands.
talk.spec: Talk client for one-on-one Internet chatting.
talk.spec: The talk server for one-on-one Internet chatting.
tamago.spec: Tamago Version 4 
taper.spec: A menu-driven file backup system.
tar.spec: A GNU file archiving program.
tcltk.spec: A Tcl/Tk development environment: tcl, tk, tix, tclX, expect, and itcl.
tcltk.spec: An embeddable scripting language.
tcltk.spec: The Tk GUI toolkit for Tcl, with shared libraries.
tcltk.spec: A tcl extension for simplifying program-script interaction.
tcltk.spec: Extensions for Tcl.
tcltk.spec: A set of capable widgets for Tk.
tcltk.spec: Object-oriented mega-widgets for Tcl.
tcltk.spec: A library of utility modules for Tcl.
tcp_wrappers.spec: A security tool which acts as a wrapper for TCP daemons.
tcpdump.spec: A network traffic monitoring tool.
tcpdump.spec: A system-independent interface for user-level packet capture.
tcpdump.spec: Network monitoring tools for tracking IP addresses on a network.
tcsh.spec: An enhanced version of csh, the C shell.
telnet.spec: The client program for the telnet remote login protocol.
telnet.spec: The server program for the telnet remote login protocol.
termcap.spec: The terminal feature database used by certain applications.
tetex.spec: The TeX text formatting system.
tetex.spec: The LaTeX front end for the TeX text formatting system.
tetex.spec: An X viewer for DVI files.
tetex.spec: A DVI to PostScript converter for the TeX text formatting system.
tetex.spec: A DVI to HP PCL (Printer Control Language) converter.
tetex.spec: A converter for PostScript(TM) font metric files, for use with TeX.
tetex.spec: The font files for the TeX text formatting system.
tetex.spec: The documentation files for the TeX text formatting system.
texinfo.spec: Tools needed to create Texinfo format documentation files.
texinfo.spec: A stand-alone TTY-based reader for GNU texinfo documentation.
textutils.spec: A set of GNU text file modifying utilities.
tftp.spec: The client for the Trivial File Transfer Protocol (TFTP).
tftp.spec: The server for the Trivial File Transfer Protocol (TFTP).
time.spec: A GNU utility for monitoring a program's use of system resources.
timeconfig.spec: Text mode tools for setting system time parameters.
timetool.spec: A utility for setting the system's date and time.
timidity.spec: A software wavetable MIDI synthesizer.
tksysv.spec: An X editor for editing runlevel services.
tmpwatch.spec: A utility for removing files based on when they were last accessed.
traceroute.spec: Traces the route taken by packets over a TCP/IP network.
transfig.spec: A utility for converting FIG files (made by xfig) to other formats.
tree.spec: A utility which displays a tree view of the contents of directories.
tripwire.spec: A system integrity assessment tool.
trojka.spec: A non-X game of falling blocks.
ttfonts.spec: Some TrueType fonts
tux.spec: User-space component of TUX kernel-based threaded HTTP server
ucd-snmp.spec: A collection of SNMP protocol tools from UC-Davis.
ucd-snmp.spec: Network management utilities using SNMP, from the UCD-SNMP project.
ucd-snmp.spec: The development environment for the UCD-SNMP project.
umb-scheme-3.2.spec: An implementation of the Scheme programming language.
unarj.spec: An uncompressor for .arj format archive files.
units.spec: A utility for converting amounts from one unit to another.
unix2dos.spec: unix2dos - UNIX to DOS text file format converter
unixODBC.spec: A complete ODBC Driver Manager for Linux
unixODBC.spec: Development files for programs which will use the unixODBC library.
unixODBC.spec: KDE DriverManager components for ODBC
unzip.spec: A utility for unpacking zip files.
up2date.spec: Automatically update RPMs for a Red Hat Linux System
up2date.spec: GUI client for Update Agent.
urlview.spec: An URL extractor/viewer for use with Mutt.
urw-fonts.spec: Free versions of the 35 standard PostScript fonts.
usbview.spec: USB topology and device viewer
usermode.spec: Graphical tools for certain user account management tasks.
users-guide.spec: GNOME Users Guide
utempter.spec: A privileged helper for utmp/wtmp updates.
util-linux.spec: A collection of basic system utilities.
uucp.spec: The uucp utility for copying files between systems.
vim.spec: The VIM editor.
vim.spec: The common files needed by any version of the VIM editor.
vim.spec: A minimal version of the VIM editor.
vim.spec: A version of the VIM editor which includes recent enhancements.
vim.spec: The VIM version of the vi editor for the X Window System.
vixie-cron.spec: The Vixie cron daemon for executing specified programs at set times.
vlock.spec: A program which locks one or more virtual consoles.
vnc.spec:   A remote display system.
vnc.spec: A VNC server.
vnc.spec: Complete documentation for VNC.
vorbis.spec:	The Vorbis General Audio Compression Codec libraries and tools
vorbis.spec: 	Development tools for Vorbis applications
w3c-libwww.spec: HTTP library of common code
w3c-libwww.spec: Libraries and header files for programs that use libwww.
w3c-libwww.spec: Applications built using Libwww web library: e.g. Robot, command line tool, etc.
watanabe.spec: Watanabe font in SYOTAI CLUB format
wget.spec: A utility for retrieving files using the HTTP or FTP protocols.
which-2.spec: Displays where a particular program in your path is located.
whois.spec: Internet whois/nicname client.
wireless-tools.spec: Wireless ethernet configuration tools
wmakerconf.spec: A configuration tool for the Window Maker window manager for X.
wmconfig.spec: A helper application for configuring X window managers.
words-2.spec: A dictionary of English words for the /usr/dict directory.
wu-ftpd.spec: An FTP daemon provided by Washington University.
wvdial.spec: A heuristic autodialer for PPP connections.
x3270.spec: An X Window System based IBM 3278/3279 terminal emulator.
x3270.spec: IBM 3278/3279 terminal emulator for text mode.
xbill.spec: Stop Bill from loading his OS into all the computers.
xbl.spec: 3d geometry game
xboard.spec: An X Window System graphical chessboard.
xboing.spec: A Breakout style X Window System based game.
xcdroast.spec: An X Window System based tool for creating CDs.
xchat.spec: A GTK+ IRC (chat) client.
xcpustate.spec: An X Window System based CPU state monitor.
xdaliclock.spec: A clock for the X Window System.
xdelta.spec: A binary file delta generator and an RCS replacement library.
xdelta.spec: Static library and header files for Xdelta development.
xemacs.spec: An X Window System based version of GNU Emacs.
xemacs.spec: The .el source files for XEmacs.
xemacs.spec: Information files for XEmacs.
xfig.spec: An X Window System tool for drawing basic vector graphics.
xgammon.spec: An X Window System based backgammon game.
xinetd.spec: A secure replacement for inetd.
xinitrc.spec: The default startup script for the X Window System.
xjewel.spec: An X Window System game of falling jewel blocks.
xlispstat.spec: An implementation of the Lisp language with statistics extensions.
xloadimage-4.1.spec: An X Window System based image viewer.
xlockmore.spec: An X terminal locking program.
xmailbox-2.5.spec: An X Window System utility which notifies you of new mail.
xmlrpc.spec: A set of Python modules for XML-RPC support
xmms.spec: An MP3 player for X which resembles Winamp.
xmms.spec: Static libraries and header files for Xmms plug-in development.
xmms.spec: A GNOME panel applet for the Xmms multimedia player.
xmorph.spec: An X Window System tool for creating morphed images.
xosview.spec: An X Window System utility for monitoring system resources.
xpaint.spec: An X Window System image editing or paint program.
xpat2.spec: A set of Solitaire type games for the X Window System.
xpdf.spec: A PDF file viewer for the X Window System.
xpilot.spec: An X Window System based multiplayer aerial combat game.
xpuzzles.spec: Geometric puzzles and toys for the X Window System.
xrn.spec: An X Window System based news reader.
xsane.spec: An X Window System front-end for the SANE scanner interface.
xsane.spec: A GIMP plugin which provides a scanner interface.
xscreensaver.spec: A set of X Window System screensavers.
xsri.spec: A program for displaying images on the background for X.
xsysinfo.spec: An X Window System kernel parameter monitoring tool.
xtoolwait-1.2.spec: A utility which aims to decrease X session startup time.
xtt-fonts.spec: Free Japanese TrueType fonts (mincho & gothic)
yp-tools.spec: NIS (or YP) client programs.
ypbind.spec: The NIS daemon which binds NIS clients to an NIS domain.
ypserv.spec: The NIS (Network Information Service) server.
ytalk.spec: A chat program for multiple users.
zip.spec: A file compression and packaging utility compatible with PKZIP.
zlib.spec: The zlib compression and decompression library.
zlib.spec: Header files and libraries for developing apps which will use zlib.
zsh.spec: A shell similar to ksh, but with improvements.
