AfterStep-APPS.spec:Summary: Various applets for use with AfterStep and compatible window managers.
AfterStep.spec:Summary: An X window manager which emulates the look and feel of NEXTSTEP(R).
AnotherLevel.spec:Summary: A customized configuration of the fvwm2 window manager.
ElectricFence.spec:Summary: A debugger which detects memory allocation violations.
ImageMagick.spec:Summary: An X application for displaying and manipulating images.
ImageMagick.spec:%package devel
ImageMagick.spec:Summary: Static libraries and header files for ImageMagick app development.
MAKEDEV.spec:Summary: A script for creating the device files in /dev.
Mesa.spec:Summary: A 3-D graphics library similar to OpenGL.
Mesa.spec:%package devel
Mesa.spec:Summary: Development files for the Mesa 3-D graphics library.
ORBit.spec:Summary: A high-performance CORBA Object Request Broker.
ORBit.spec:%package devel
ORBit.spec:Summary: Development libraries, header files and utilities for ORBit.
SVGATextMode.spec:Summary: A utility for improving the appearance of text consoles.
SysVinit.spec:Summary: Programs which control basic system processes.
WindowMaker.spec:Summary: A window manager for the X Window System.
X11R6-contrib-3.3.2.spec:Summary: A collection of user-contributed X Window System programs.
XFree86-ISO8859-2.spec:Summary: Central European language fonts for the X Window System.
XFree86-ISO8859-2.spec:%package 75dpi-fonts
XFree86-ISO8859-2.spec:Summary: A set of 75 dpi Central European language fonts for X.
XFree86-ISO8859-2.spec:%package 100dpi-fonts
XFree86-ISO8859-2.spec:Summary: ISO 8859-2 fonts in 100 dpi resolution for the X Window System.
XFree86-ISO8859-2.spec:%package Type1-fonts
XFree86-ISO8859-2.spec:Summary: Type 1 scalable Central European language (ISO8859-2) fonts for X.
XFree86-ISO8859-7.spec:Summary: Greek language fonts for the X Window System.
XFree86-ISO8859-7.spec:%package 75dpi-fonts
XFree86-ISO8859-7.spec:Summary: ISO 8859-7 fonts in 75 dpi resolution for the X Window System.
XFree86-ISO8859-7.spec:%package 100dpi-fonts
XFree86-ISO8859-7.spec:Summary: ISO 8859-7 fonts in 100 dpi resolution for the X Window System.
XFree86-ISO8859-7.spec:%package Type1-fonts
XFree86-ISO8859-7.spec:Summary: Type 1 scalable Greek (ISO 8859-7 ) fonts
XFree86-ISO8859-9.spec:Summary: Turkish language fonts and modmaps for X.
XFree86-ISO8859-9.spec:%package 75dpi-fonts
XFree86-ISO8859-9.spec:Summary: 75 dpi Turkish (ISO8859-9) fonts for X.
XFree86-ISO8859-9.spec:%package 100dpi-fonts
XFree86-ISO8859-9.spec:Summary: 100 dpi Turkish (ISO8859-9) fonts for X.
XFree86.spec:Summary: The basic fonts, programs and docs for an X workstation.
XFree86.spec:%package 75dpi-fonts
XFree86.spec:Summary: A set of 75 dpi resolution fonts for the X Window System.
XFree86.spec:%package 100dpi-fonts
XFree86.spec:Summary: X Window System 100dpi fonts.
XFree86.spec:%package cyrillic-fonts
XFree86.spec:Summary: Cyrillic fonts for X.
XFree86.spec:%package libs
XFree86.spec:Summary: Shared libraries needed by the X Window System version 11 release 6.
XFree86.spec:%package devel
XFree86.spec:Summary: X11R6 static libraries, headers and programming man pages.
XFree86.spec:%package doc
XFree86.spec:Summary: Documentation on various X11 programming interfaces.
XFree86.spec:%package S3
XFree86.spec:Summary: The XFree86 server for video cards based on the S3 chip.
XFree86.spec:%package I128
XFree86.spec:Summary: The XFree86 server for Number Nine Imagine 128 video cards.
XFree86.spec:%package S3V
XFree86.spec:Summary: The XFree86 server for video cards based on the S3 Virge chip.
XFree86.spec:%package Mach64
XFree86.spec:Summary: The XFree86 server for Mach64 based video cards.
XFree86.spec:%package Sun
XFree86.spec:Summary: X server for Suns with monochrome and 8-bit color SBUS framebuffers.
XFree86.spec:%package SunMono
XFree86.spec:Summary: X server for Sun computers with monochrome SBUS framebuffers only.
XFree86.spec:%package Sun24
XFree86.spec:Summary: The X server for Suns with all supported SBUS framebuffers.
XFree86.spec:%package Xvfb
XFree86.spec:Summary: A virtual framebuffer X Windows System server for XFree86.
XFree86.spec:%package Xnest
XFree86.spec:Summary: A nested XFree86 server.
XFree86.spec:%package 8514
XFree86.spec:Summary: The XFree86 server program for older IBM 8514 or compatible video cards.
XFree86.spec:%package AGX
XFree86.spec:Summary: The XFree86 server for AGX-based video cards.
XFree86.spec:%package Mach32
XFree86.spec:Summary: The XFree86 server for Mach32 based video cards.
XFree86.spec:%package Mach8
XFree86.spec:Summary: The XFree86 server for Mach8 video cards.
XFree86.spec:%package Mono
XFree86.spec:Summary: A generic XFree86 monochrome server for VGA cards.
XFree86.spec:%package P9000
XFree86.spec:Summary: The XFree86 server for P9000 cards.
XFree86.spec:%package SVGA
XFree86.spec:Summary: An XFree86 server for most simple framebuffer SVGA devices.
XFree86.spec:%package VGA16
XFree86.spec:Summary: A generic XFree86 server for VGA16 boards.
XFree86.spec:%package W32
XFree86.spec:Summary: The XFree86 server for video cards based on ET4000/W32 chips.
XFree86.spec:%package 3DLabs 
XFree86.spec:Summary: The XFree86 server for 3Dlabs video cards.
XFree86.spec:%package TGA
XFree86.spec:Summary: X server for systems with Digital TGA boards based on DC21040 chips.
XFree86.spec:%package FBDev
XFree86.spec:Summary: The X server for the generic frame buffer device on some machines.
XFree86.spec:%package XF86Setup
XFree86.spec:Summary: A graphical user interface configuration tool for the X Window System.
XFree86.spec:%package xfs
XFree86.spec:Summary: A font server for the X Window System.
Xaw3d-1.3.spec:Summary: A version of the MIT Athena widget set for X.
Xaw3d-1.3.spec:%package devel
Xaw3d-1.3.spec:Summary: Header files and static libraries for development using Xaw3d.
Xconfigurator.spec:Summary: The Red Hat Linux configuration tool for the X Window System.
aboot.spec.alpha:Summary: A bootloader which can be started from the SRM console.
adjtimex.spec:Summary: A utility for adjusting kernel time variables.
am-utils.spec:Summary: Automount utilities including an updated version of Amd.
anaconda.spec:Summary: The Red Hat Linux installer.
anacron.spec:Summary: A cron-like program that can run jobs lost during downtime.
anonftp.spec:Summary: A fast, read-only, anonymous FTP server.
apache.spec:Summary: The most widely used Web server on the Internet.
apache.spec:%package devel
apache.spec:Summary: Development tools for the Apache Web server.
apache.spec:%package manual
apache.spec:Summary: Documentation for the Apache Web server.
apmd.spec:Summary: Advanced Power Management (APM) BIOS utilities for laptops.
ash-0.2.spec:Summary: A smaller version of the Bourne shell (sh).
at.spec:Summary: Job spooling tools.
audioctl.spec.sparc:Summary: An audio control application for Linux/SPARC systems.
audiofile.spec:Summary: A library for accessing various audio file formats.
audiofile.spec:%package devel
audiofile.spec:Summary: Libraries, includes and other files to develop audiofile applications.
aumix.spec:Summary: An ncurses-based audio mixer.
auth_ldap.spec:Summary: This is a LDAP authentication module for Apache
authconfig.spec:Summary: Text-mode tool for setting up NIS and shadow passwords.
autoconf.spec:Summary: A GNU tool for automatically configuring source code.
autofs.spec:Summary: A tool for automatically mounting and unmounting filesystems.
automake.spec:Summary: A GNU tool for automatically creating Makefiles.
autorun.spec:Summary: A CD-ROM mounting utility.
awesfx.spec:Summary: Utility programs for the AWE32 sound driver.
basesystem.spec:Summary: The skeleton package which defines a simple Red Hat Linux system.
bash-1.14.7.spec:Summary: The GNU Bourne Again shell (bash) version 1.14.
bash2.spec:Summary: The GNU Bourne Again shell (bash) version 2.03.
bash2.spec:%package doc
bash2.spec:Summary: Documentation for the GNU Bourne Again shell (bash) version 2.03.
bc.spec:Summary: GNU's bc (a numeric processing language) and dc (a calculator).
bdflush-1.5.spec:Summary: The daemon which starts the flushing of dirty buffers back to disk.
bind.spec:Summary: A DNS (Domain Name System) server.
bind.spec:%package utils
bind.spec:Summary: Utilities for querying DNS name servers.
bind.spec:%package devel
bind.spec:Summary: Include files and libraries needed for bind DNS development.
binutils.spec:Summary: A GNU collection of binary utilities.
bison.spec:Summary: A GNU general-purpose parser generator.
blt.spec:Summary: A Tk toolkit extension, including widgets, geometry managers, etc.
bootparamd.spec:Summary: A server process which provides boot information to diskless clients.
bug-buddy.spec:Summary: A GUI bug reporting tool for the GNOME GUI desktop.
byacc-1.9.spec:Summary: A public domain Yacc parser generator.
bzip2.spec:Summary: A file compression utility.
caching-nameserver.spec:Summary: The configuration files for setting up a caching name server.
cdecl-2.5.spec:Summary: Programs for encoding and decoding C and C++ function declarations.
cdp.spec:Summary: An interactive text-mode program for playing audio CD-ROMs.
cdparanoia.spec:Summary: A Compact Disc Digital Audio (CDDA) extraction tool.
cdrecord.spec:Summary: A command line CD/DVD recording program.
cdrecord.spec:%package	devel
cdrecord.spec:Summary: The libschily SCSI user level transport library.
cdrecord.spec:%package -n mkisofs
cdrecord.spec:Summary: Creates an image of an ISO9660 filesystem.
cdrecord.spec:%package -n cdda2wav
cdrecord.spec:Summary: A utility for sampling/copying .wav files from digital audio CDs.
chkconfig.spec:Summary: A system tool for maintaining the /etc/rc.d hierarchy.
chkconfig.spec:%package -n ntsysv
chkconfig.spec:Summary: A tool to set the stop/start of system services in a runlevel.
chkfontpath.spec:Summary: Simple interface for editing the font path for the X font server.
cleanfeed.spec:Summary: A spam filter for Usenet news servers.
compat-binutils.spec.old:Summary: A GNU collection of binary utilities.
compat-egcs.spec.old:Summary: Experimental GNU Compiler System for Red Hat 5.2 backwards compatibility
compat-egcs.spec.old:%package c++
compat-egcs.spec.old:Summary: C++ support for Red Hat 5.2 backwards compatibility C compiler
compat-egcs.spec.old:%package objc
compat-egcs.spec.old:Summary: Ojective C support for Red Hat 5.2 backwards compatibility C compiler
compat-egcs.spec.old:%package g77
compat-egcs.spec.old:Summary: Fortran 77 support for Red Hat 5.2 backwards compatibility C compiler
compat-glibc.spec.old:Summary: GNU libc for Red Hat Linux 5.2 backwards compatibility
compat-libs.spec.old:Summary: Runtime and developemnt libraries for Red Hat Linux 5.2 backwards compatibility
comsat.spec:Summary: A mail checker client and the comsat mail checking server.
console-tools.spec:Summary: Tools for configuring the console.
control-center.spec:Summary: The GNOME Control Center.
control-center.spec:%package devel
control-center.spec:Summary: The GNOME Control Center development environment.
control-panel.spec:Summary: A Red Hat sysadmin utility program launcher for X.
cpio.spec:Summary: A GNU archiving program.
cproto.spec:Summary: Generates function prototypes and variable declarations from C code.
cracklib.spec:Summary: A password-checking library.
cracklib.spec:%package dicts
cracklib.spec:Summary: The standard CrackLib dictionaries.
crontabs.spec:Summary: Root crontab files used to schedule the execution of programs.
ctags.spec:Summary: A C programming language indexing and/or cross-reference tool.
cvs.spec:Summary: A version control system.
cxhextris.spec:Summary: An X Window System color version of xhextris.
desktop-backgrounds.spec:Summary: Desktop background images.
dev.spec:Summary: The most commonly-used entries in the /dev directory.
dev86.spec:Summary: A real mode 80x86 assembler and linker.
dhcp.spec:Summary: A DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) server and relay agent.
dhcpcd.spec:Summary: A DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) client.
dialog-0.6.spec:Summary: A utility for creating TTY dialog boxes.
diffstat.spec:Summary: A utility which provides statistics based on the output of diff.
diffutils.spec:Summary: A GNU collection of diff utilities.
dip.spec:Summary: Handles the connections needed for dialup IP links.
docbook.spec:Summary: An SGML DTD for technical documentation.
dosfstools.spec:Summary: Utilities for making and checking MS-DOS FAT filesystems on Linux.
dump.spec:Summary: Programs for backing up and restoring filesystems.
dump.spec:%package -n rmt
dump.spec:Summary: Provides certain programs with access to remote tape devices.
dump.spec:%package -n dump-static
dump.spec:Summary: Programs for backing up and restoring filesystems.
e-conf.spec:Summary: The Enlightenment window manager configuration tool.
e2fsprogs.spec:Summary: Utilities for managing the second extended (ext2) filesystem.
e2fsprogs.spec:%package devel
e2fsprogs.spec:Summary: Ext2 filesystem-specific static libraries and headers.
ed.spec:Summary: The GNU line editor.
ee.spec:Summary: The Electric Eyes image viewer application.
efax.spec:Summary: A program for faxing using a Class 1, 2 or 2.0 fax modem.
egcs.spec:Summary: The GNU Compiler Collection.
egcs.spec:%package c++
egcs.spec:Summary: C++ support for the gcc compiler.
egcs.spec:%package objc
egcs.spec:Summary: Objective C support for the gcc compiler.
egcs.spec:%package g77
egcs.spec:Summary: Fortran 77 support for the gcc compiler.
egcs.spec:%package -n libstdc++
egcs.spec:Summary: The EGCS Standard C++ library v3.
egcs.spec:%package -n cpp
egcs.spec:Summary: The GNU C-Compatible Compiler Preprocessor.
egcs64-19980921.spec.sparc.not:Summary: Experimental GNU Compiler System for sparc64
eject.spec:Summary: A program that ejects removable media using software control.
elftoaout.spec.sparc:Summary: A utility for converting ELF binaries to a.out binaries.
elm.spec:Summary: The elm mail user agent.
emacs.spec:Summary: The libraries needed to run the GNU Emacs text editor.
emacs.spec:%package el
emacs.spec:Summary: The sources for elisp programs included with Emacs.
emacs.spec:%package leim
emacs.spec:Summary: Emacs Lisp code for input methods for international characters.
emacs.spec:%package nox
emacs.spec:Summary: The Emacs text editor without support for the X Window System.
emacs.spec:%package X11
emacs.spec:Summary: The Emacs text editor for the X Window System.
enlightenment.spec:Summary: The Enlightenment window manager.
enscript.spec:Summary: A plain ASCII to PostScript converter.
esound.spec:Summary: Allows several audio streams to play on a single audio device.
esound.spec:%package devel
esound.spec:Summary: Development files for EsounD applications.
etcskel.spec:Summary: Red Hat Linux default files for new users' home directories.
ethtool.spec.sparc:Summary: Ethernet settings tool for SPARC HME cards
exmh.spec:Summary: The exmh mail handling system.
ext2ed.spec:Summary: An ext2 filesystem editor.
extace.spec:Summary: A GNOME sound displayer.
fbset.spec:Summary: Tools for managing a frame buffer's video mode properties.
fetchmail.spec:Summary: A remote mail retrieval and forwarding utility.
fetchmail.spec:%package -n fetchmailconf
fetchmail.spec:Summary: A GUI utility for configuring your fetchmail preferences.
file.spec:Summary: A utility for determining file types.
filesystem.spec:Summary: The basic directory layout for a Linux system.
fileutils.spec:Summary: The GNU versions of common file management utilities.
findutils.spec:Summary: The GNU versions of find utilities (find and xargs).
finger.spec:Summary: The finger client.
finger.spec:%package server
finger.spec:Summary: The finger daemon.
flex.spec:Summary: A tool for creating scanners (text pattern recognizers).
fnlib.spec:Summary: A color font rendering library for X11R6.
fnlib.spec:%package devel
fnlib.spec:Summary: Headers, static libraries and documentation for Fnlib.
fortune-mod.spec:Summary: A program which will display a fortune.
freetype-1.3.1.spec:Summary: A free and portable TrueType font rendering engine.
freetype-1.3.1.spec:%package utils
freetype-1.3.1.spec:Summary: Several utilities to manipulate and examine TrueType fonts.
freetype-1.3.1.spec:%package devel
freetype-1.3.1.spec:Summary: Header files and static library for development with FreeType.
ftp.spec:Summary: The standard UNIX FTP (File Transfer Protocol) client.
fvwm2.spec:Summary: An improved version of the FVWM window manager for X.
fvwm2.spec:%package icons
fvwm2.spec:Summary: Graphics used by the FVWM and FVWM2 window managers.
fwhois.spec:Summary: A finger-style whois program.
gated.spec:Summary: The public release version of the GateD routing daemon.
gawk.spec:Summary: The GNU version of the awk text processing utility.
gd.spec:Summary: A graphics library for drawing .gif files.
gd.spec:%package devel
gd.spec:Summary: The development libraries and header files for gd.
gdb.spec:Summary: A GNU source-level debugger for C, C++ and Fortran.
gdbm.spec:Summary: A GNU set of database routines which use extensible hashing.
gdbm.spec:%package devel
gdbm.spec:Summary: Development libraries and header files for the gdbm library.
gdm.spec:Summary: The GNOME Display Manager.
gedit.spec:Summary: gEdit is a small but powerful text editor for GNOME.
gedit.spec:%package devel
gedit.spec:Summary: The files needed for developing plug-ins for the gEdit editor.
genromfs.spec:Summary: Utility for creating romfs filesystems.
gettext.spec:Summary: GNU libraries and utilities for producing multi-lingual messages.
getty_ps.spec:Summary: The getty and uugetty programs.
gftp.spec:Summary: A multi-threaded FTP client for the X Window System.
ghostscript-5.50.spec:Summary: A PostScript(TM) interpreter and renderer.
ghostscript-fonts.spec:Summary: Fonts for the Ghostscript PostScript(TM) interpreter.
giftrans.spec:Summary: A program for making transparent GIFs from non-transparent GIFs.
gimp-data-extras.spec:Summary: The GNU Image Manipulation Program
gimp.spec:Summary: The GNU Image Manipulation Program.
gimp.spec:%package devel
gimp.spec:Summary: The GIMP plug-in and extension development kit.
gimp.spec:%package libgimp
gimp.spec:Summary: Libraries for the GIMP (GNU Image Manipulation Program).
git.spec:Summary: A set of GNU Interactive Tools.
gkermit.spec:Summary: A utility for transferring files using the Kermit protocol.
glade.spec:Summary: A GTK+ GUI builder.
glib.spec:Summary: A library of handy utility functions.
glib.spec:%package devel
glib.spec:Summary: The GIMP ToolKit (GTK+) and GIMP Drawing Kit (GDK) support library.
glibc-2.1.spec:Summary: The GNU libc libraries.
glibc-2.1.spec:%package devel
glibc-2.1.spec:Summary: Header and object files for development using standard C libraries.
glibc-2.1.spec:%package profile
glibc-2.1.spec:Summary: The GNU libc libraries, including support for gprof profiling.
glibc-2.1.spec:%package -n nscd
glibc-2.1.spec:Summary: A Name Service Caching Daemon (nscd).
gmp.spec:Summary: A GNU arbitrary precision library.
gmp.spec:%package devel
gmp.spec:Summary: Development tools for the GNU MP arbitrary precision library.
gnome-audio.spec:Summary: Sounds for GNOME events.
gnome-audio.spec:%package extra
gnome-audio.spec:Summary: Files needed for customizing GNOME event sounds.
gnome-core.spec:Summary: The core programs for the GNOME GUI desktop environment.
gnome-core.spec:%package devel
gnome-core.spec:Summary: The core libraries and include files for GNOME panel development.
gnome-games.spec:Summary: GNOME games.
gnome-games.spec:%package devel
gnome-games.spec:Summary: GNOME games development libraries.
gnome-kerberos.spec:Summary: Kerberos 5 tools for GNOME.
gnome-libs.spec:Summary: The libraries needed to run the GNOME GUI desktop environment.
gnome-libs.spec:%package devel
gnome-libs.spec:Summary: Libraries and include files for developing GNOME applications.
gnome-linuxconf.spec:Summary: The GNOME front-end for linuxconf.
gnome-media.spec:Summary: GNOME media programs.
gnome-objc.spec:Summary: Objective C libraries for the GNOME desktop environment.
gnome-objc.spec:%package devel
gnome-objc.spec:Summary: Files needed to develop Objective C GNOME applications.
gnome-pim.spec:Summary: The GNOME Personal Information Manager.
gnome-pim.spec:%package devel
gnome-pim.spec:Summary: GNOME PIM development files
gnome-python.spec:Summary: The sources for the PyGTK and PyGNOME Python extension modules.
gnome-python.spec:%package -n pygtk
gnome-python.spec:Summary: Python bindings for the GTK+ widget set.
gnome-python.spec:%package -n pygtk-libglade
gnome-python.spec:Summary: A wrapper for the libglade library for use with PyGTK.
gnome-python.spec:%package -n pygnome-libglade
gnome-python.spec:Summary: GNOME support for the libglade python wrapper
gnome-python.spec:%package -n pygnome
gnome-python.spec:Summary: Python bindings for the GNOME libraries.
gnome-python.spec:%package -n pygnome-applet
gnome-python.spec:Summary: Python bindings for GNOME Panel applets.
gnome-python.spec:%package -n pygnome-capplet
gnome-python.spec:Summary: Python bindings for GNOME Panel applets.
gnome-users-guide.spec:Summary: The GNOME Users' Guide.
gnome-utils.spec:Summary: GNOME utility programs.
gnorpm.spec:Summary: A graphical front-end to RPM for GNOME.
gnotepad+.spec:Summary: A small and simple but versatile text editor for X.
gnuchess.spec:Summary: The GNU chess program.
gnumeric.spec:Summary: A full-featured spreadsheet for GNOME.
gnupg.spec:Summary: A GNU utility for secure communication and data storage.
gnuplot.spec:Summary: A program for plotting mathematical expressions and data.
gperf.spec:Summary: A perfect hash function generator.
gpgp.spec:Summary: Gnome frontend for GNU Privacy Guard
gpm.spec:Summary: A mouse server for the Linux console.
gpm.spec:%package devel
gpm.spec:Summary: Libraries and header files for developing mouse driven programs.
gqview.spec:Summary: An image viewer.
grep.spec:Summary: The GNU versions of grep pattern matching utilities.
groff.spec:Summary: A document formatting system.
groff.spec:%package perl
groff.spec:Summary: Parts of the groff formatting system that require Perl.
groff.spec:%package gxditview
groff.spec:Summary: An X previewer for groff text processor output.
gtk+.spec:Summary: The GIMP ToolKit (GTK+), a library for creating GUIs for X.
gtk+.spec:%package devel
gtk+.spec:Summary: Development tools for GTK+ (GIMP ToolKit) applications.
gtk+10.spec.old:Summary: The GIMP ToolKit (GTK+), a library for creating GUIs for X.
gtk+10.spec.old:%package -n glib10
gtk+10.spec.old:Summary: A library of handy utility functions.
gtk-engines.spec:Summary: Theme engines for GTK+.
gtop.spec:Summary: The GNOME system monitor.
guile.spec:Summary: A GNU implementation of Scheme for application extensibility.
guile.spec:%package devel
guile.spec:Summary: Libraries and header files for the GUILE extensibility library.
gv.spec:Summary: A X front-end for the Ghostscript PostScript(TM) interpreter.
gxedit.spec:Summary: A multi-function text editor which uses GTK+.
gzip.spec:Summary: The GNU data compression program.
hdparm.spec:Summary: A utility for displaying and/or setting hard disk parameters.
helptool-2.4.spec:Summary: A graphical user interface tool which searches for help files.
ical.spec:Summary: An X Window System-based calendar program.
imap.spec:Summary: Server daemons for IMAP and POP network mail protocols.
imap.spec:%package devel
imap.spec:Summary: Development tools for programs which will use the IMAP library.
imlib.spec:Summary: An image loading and rendering library for X11R6.
imlib.spec:%package devel
imlib.spec:Summary: Development tools for Imlib applications.
imlib.spec:%package cfgeditor
imlib.spec:Summary: A configuration editor for the Imlib library.
indent.spec:Summary: A GNU program for formatting C code.
indexhtml.spec:Summary: The Web page you'll see after installing Red Hat Linux.
inetd.spec:Summary: The inetd networking program.
initscripts.spec:Summary: The inittab file and the /etc/rc.d scripts.
inn.spec:Summary: The InterNetNews (INN) system, an Usenet news server.
inn.spec:%package devel
inn.spec:Summary: The INN (InterNetNews) library.
inn.spec:%package -n inews
inn.spec:Summary: Sends Usenet articles to a local news server for distribution.
install-guide.spec:Summary: The Linux Documentation Project Getting Started Guide in HTML format.
intimed-1.10.spec:Summary: A time server for synchronizing networked machines' clocks.
ipchains.spec:Summary: Tools for managing Linux kernel packet filtering capabilities.
iproute.spec:Summary: Enhanced IP routing and network devices configuration tools
iputils.spec:Summary: The ping program for checking to see if network hosts are alive.
ipvsadm.spec:Summary: administration tool for Virtual Server
ircii.spec:Summary: An Internet Relay Chat (IRC) client.
irda-utils.spec:Summary: Utilities for infrared communication between devices.
isapnptools.spec:Summary: Utilities for configuring ISA Plug-and-Play (PnP) devices.
isdn-config.spec:Summary: A tool for configuring ISDN dialup connections.
isdn4k-utils.spec:Summary: Utilities for configuring an ISDN subsystem.
isdn4k-utils.spec:%package -n xisdnload
isdn4k-utils.spec:Summary: An ISDN connection load average display for the X Window System.
isicom.spec:Summary: Multitech IntelligentSerialInternal (ISI) Support Tools
ispell.spec:Summary: An interactive spelling checker program.
ispell.spec:%package catalan
ispell.spec:Summary: Ispell spelling checker files for checking Catalan words.
ispell.spec:%package czech
ispell.spec:Summary: Ispell spelling checker files for Czech words.
ispell.spec:%package danish
ispell.spec:Summary: Ispell spelling checker files for Danish words.
ispell.spec:%package dutch
ispell.spec:Summary: Files needed to create an Ispell dictionary of Dutch words.
ispell.spec:%package esperanto
ispell.spec:Summary: Files needed to generate an Ispell dictionary of Esperanto words.
ispell.spec:%package french
ispell.spec:Summary: Files needed to generate an Ispell dictionary of French words.
ispell.spec:%package german
ispell.spec:Summary: Files needed to generate an Ispell dictionary of German words.
ispell.spec:%package greek
ispell.spec:Summary: Files needed to generate an Ispell dictionary of Greek words.
ispell.spec:%package italian
ispell.spec:Summary: Files needed to generate an Ispell dictionary of Italian words.
ispell.spec:%package norwegian
ispell.spec:Summary: Files needed to generate an Ispell dictionary of Norwegian words.
ispell.spec:%package polish
ispell.spec:Summary: Files needed to generate an Ispell dictionary of Polish words.
ispell.spec:%package portuguese
ispell.spec:Summary: Files needed to generate an Ispell dictionary of Portuguese words.
ispell.spec:%package russian
ispell.spec:Summary: Files needed to generate an Ispell dictionary of Russian words.
ispell.spec:%package spanish
ispell.spec:Summary: Files needed to generate an Ispell dictionary of Spanish words.
ispell.spec:%package swedish
ispell.spec:Summary: Files needed to generate an Ispell dictionary of Swedish words.
ispell.spec:%package dicts
ispell.spec:Summary: Files for generating non-English Ispell dictionaries.
jade.spec:Summary: A parser and tools for SGML plus DSSSL.
jadetex.spec:Summary: LaTeX macros for converting Jade TeX output into DVI/PS/PDF.
jed.spec:Summary: A fast, compact editor based on the S-Lang screen library.
jed.spec:%package common
jed.spec:Summary: Files needed by any Jed text editor.
jed.spec:%package xjed
jed.spec:Summary: The X Window System version of the Jed text editor.
jed.spec:%package -n rgrep
jed.spec:Summary: A grep utility which can recursively descend through directories.
jikes.spec:Summary: A Java source file to bytecode compiler.
joe.spec:Summary: An easy to use, modeless text editor.
joystick.spec:Summary: Utilities for configuring most popular joysticks.
kaffe.spec:Summary: A free virtual machine for running Java(TM) code.
kbdconfig.spec:Summary: A text-based interface for setting and loading a keyboard map.
kdeadmin-1.1.2.spec:Summary: K Desktop Environment - System Administration Tools
kdebase-1.1.2.spec:Summary: Core files for the K Desktop Environment (KDE).
kdebase-1.1.2.spec:%package lowcolor-icons
kdebase-1.1.2.spec:Summary: Low color (8-bit display friendly) icons for KDE.
kdebase-1.1.2.spec:%package 3d-screensavers
kdebase-1.1.2.spec:Summary: 3-D (OpenGL) screensavers for the K Desktop Environment.
kdegames-1.1.2.spec:Summary: K Desktop Environment - Games
kdegraphics-1.1.2.spec:Summary: K Desktop Environment - Graphics Applications
kdelibs-1.1.2.spec:Summary: Libraries for the K Desktop Environment (KDE).
kdelibs-1.1.2.spec:%package devel
kdelibs-1.1.2.spec:Summary: Header files and documentation for compiling KDE applications.
kdemultimedia-1.1.2.spec:Summary: Multimedia applications for the K Desktop Environment (KDE).
kdenetwork.spec:Summary: Network applications for the K Desktop Environment (KDE).
kdesupport-1.1.2.spec:Summary: Support libraries for the K Desktop Environment (KDE).
kdesupport-1.1.2.spec:%package devel
kdesupport-1.1.2.spec:Summary: Header files and documentation for the KDE support libraries.
kdetoys-1.1.2.spec:Summary: K Desktop Environment - Toys and Amusements
kdeutils-1.1.2.spec:Summary: K Desktop Environment - Utilities
kdoc-2.0.spec:Summary: Documentation for the K Desktop Environment (KDE) 2.0.
kdpms.spec:Summary: kdpms - Configures the power management functions of your monitor.
kernel-2.2.14.spec:Summary: The Linux kernel (the core of the Linux operating system).
kernel-2.2.14.spec:%package source
kernel-2.2.14.spec:Summary: The source code for the Linux kernel.
kernel-2.2.14.spec:%package headers
kernel-2.2.14.spec:Summary: Header files for the Linux kernel.
kernel-2.2.14.spec:%package doc
kernel-2.2.14.spec:Summary: Various documentation bits found in the kernel source.
kernel-2.2.14.spec:%package pcmcia-cs
kernel-2.2.14.spec:Summary: The daemon and device drivers for using PCMCIA adapters.
kernel-2.2.14.spec:%package utils
kernel-2.2.14.spec:Summary: Kernel related utilities.
kernel-2.2.14.spec:%package ibcs
kernel-2.2.14.spec:Summary: Files which allow iBCS2 programs to run.
kernel-2.2.14.spec:%package smp
kernel-2.2.14.spec:Summary: The Linux kernel compiled for SMP machines.
kernel-2.2.14.spec:%package BOOT
kernel-2.2.14.spec:Summary: The version of the Linux kernel used on installation boot disks.
kernel-2.2.14.spec:%package BOOTsmp
kernel-2.2.14.spec:Summary: The Linux kernel used on installation boot disks for SMP machines.
kernelcfg.spec:Summary: A Red Hat utility for configuring the kernel daemon.
korganizer-1.1.2.spec:Summary: A calendar and scheduling program for KDE.
kpackage.spec:Summary: Kpackage is a graphical RPM package manager for KDE.
kpilot-3.1.spec:Summary: KPilot - pilot synchronization tools for KDE
kpppload.spec:Summary: A PPP connection load monitor for KDE.
krb5.spec:Summary: Kerberos Authentication System
krb5.spec:%package configs
krb5.spec:Summary: Kerberos 5 sample configuration file(s).
krb5.spec:%package workstation
krb5.spec:Summary: Kerberos 5 programs for use on workstations.
krb5.spec:%package server
krb5.spec:Summary: Kerberos 5 server programs.
krb5.spec:%package libs
krb5.spec:Summary: Kerberos 5 shared libraries.
krb5.spec:%package devel
krb5.spec:Summary: Header files and libraries necessary to compile Kerberos 5 programs.
krbafs.spec:Summary: Kerberos to AFS bridging library, built against Kerberos 5.
krbafs.spec:%package utils
krbafs.spec:Summary: Kerberos / AFS utility binaries.
kterm-6.2.0.spec:Summary: A Kanji (Japanese character set) terminal emulator for X.
kudzu.spec:Summary: The Red Hat Linux hardware probing tool.
kudzu.spec:%package devel
kudzu.spec:Summary: The development library for hardware probing.
lam.spec:Summary: LAM (Local Area Multicomputer) programming environment
ld.so.spec:Summary: A dynamic loader for a.out format files.
ldconfig.spec:Summary: Creates a shared library cache and maintains symlinks for ld.so.
less.spec:Summary: A text file browser similar to more, but better.
libPropList.spec:Summary: Ensures program compatibility with GNUstep/OPENSTEP.
libc-5.3.12.spec.old:Summary: The compatibility libraries needed by old libc.so.5 applications.
libelf-0.6.4.spec:Summary: An ELF object file access library.
libghttp.spec:Summary: GNOME http client library.
libghttp.spec:%package devel
libghttp.spec:Summary: GNOME http client development
libglade.spec:Summary: The libglade library for loading user interfaces.
libglade.spec:%package devel
libglade.spec:Summary: The files needed for libglade application development.
libgr.spec:Summary: A library for handling different graphics file formats.
libgr.spec:%package devel
libgr.spec:Summary: Development tools for programs which will use the libgr library.
libgr.spec:%package progs
libgr.spec:Summary: Tools for manipulating graphics files in libgr supported formats.
libgtop.spec:Summary: The LibGTop library
libgtop.spec:%package devel
libgtop.spec:Summary: Libraries, includes and other files to develop LibGTop applications.
libgtop.spec:%package examples
libgtop.spec:Summary: These are examples for LibGTop, a library which retrieves information about your system, such as CPU and memory usage.
libjpeg-6a.spec:Summary: A backwards-compatible JPEG image manipulation library.
libjpeg.spec:Summary: A library for manipulating JPEG image format files.
libjpeg.spec:%package devel
libjpeg.spec:Summary: Development tools for programs which will use the libjpeg library.
libpng.spec:Summary: A library of functions for manipulating PNG image format files.
libpng.spec:%package devel
libpng.spec:Summary: Development tools for programs to manipulate PNG image format files.
librep.spec:Summary: An embeddable LISP environment.
librep.spec:%package devel
librep.spec:Summary: Include files and link libraries for librep development.
libtermcap.spec:Summary: A basic system library for accessing the termcap database.
libtermcap.spec:%package devel
libtermcap.spec:Summary: Development tools for programs which will access the termcap database.
libtiff.spec:Summary: A library of functions for manipulating TIFF format image files.
libtiff.spec:%package devel
libtiff.spec:Summary: Development tools for programs which will use the libtiff library.
libtool.spec:Summary: The GNU libtool, which simplifies the use of shared libraries.
libungif.spec:Summary: A library for manipulating GIF format image files.
libungif.spec:%package devel
libungif.spec:Summary: Development tools for programs which will use the libungif library.
libungif.spec:%package progs
libungif.spec:Summary: Programs for manipulating GIF format image files.
libxml.spec:Summary: An XML library.
libxml.spec:%package devel
libxml.spec:Summary: Libraries, includes and other files to develop libxml applications.
libxml10.spec.old:Summary: Backward compatibility XML library.
lilo-0.21.spec:Summary: The boot loader for Linux and other operating systems.
linuxconf.spec:Summary: An extremely capable system configuration tool.
linuxconf.spec:%package devel
linuxconf.spec:Summary: The tools needed for developing linuxconf modules.
locale-ja.spec:Summary: Locale definition files for Japanese.
locale_config.spec:Summary: Locale configuration tool.
logrotate.spec:Summary: Rotates, compresses, removes and mails system log files.
lout.spec:Summary: The Lout document formatting language.
lout.spec:%package doc
lout.spec:Summary: The documentation for the Lout document formatting language.
lpg.spec:Summary: The LDP's Linux programming guide in HTML format.
lpr.spec:Summary: A utility that manages print jobs.
lrzsz.spec:Summary: The lrz and lsz modem communications programs.
lslk.spec:Summary: A lock file lister.
lsof.spec:Summary: A utility which lists open files on a Linux/UNIX system.
ltrace.spec:Summary: Tracks runtime library calls from dynamically linked executables.
lynx.spec:Summary: A text-based Web browser.
m4-1.4.spec:Summary: The GNU macro processor.
macutils.spec:Summary: Utilities for manipulating Macintosh file formats.
magicdev.spec:Summary: A GNOME daemon for automatically mounting/playing CDs.
mailcap.spec:Summary: Associates helper applications with particular file types.
mailx.spec:Summary: The /bin/mail program, which is used to send mail via shell scripts.
make.spec:Summary: A GNU tool which simplifies the build process for users.
make_pvm.spec:Summary: PVM enhanced version of GNU make
man-pages.spec:Summary: Man (manual) pages from the Linux Documentation Project.
man.spec:Summary: A set of documentation tools:  man, apropos and whatis.
mars-nwe.spec:Summary: NetWare file and print servers which run on Linux systems.
mawk-1.2.0.spec:Summary: An interpreter for the awk programming language.
mc.spec:Summary: A user-friendly file manager and visual shell.
mc.spec:%package -n gmc
mc.spec:Summary: The GNOME version of the Midnight Commander file manager.
mc.spec:%package -n mcserv
mc.spec:Summary: Server for the Midnight Commander network file management system.
memprof.spec:Summary: A tool for memory profiling and leak detection.
metamail.spec:Summary: A program for handling multimedia mail using the mailcap file.
mgetty.spec:Summary: A getty replacement for use with data and fax modems.
mgetty.spec:%package sendfax
mgetty.spec:Summary: Provides support for sending faxes over a modem.
mgetty.spec:%package voice
mgetty.spec:Summary: A program for using your modem and mgetty as an answering machine.
mgetty.spec:%package viewfax
mgetty.spec:Summary: An X Window System fax viewer.
mikmod.spec:Summary: A MOD music file player.
mingetty-0.9.4.spec:Summary: A compact getty program for virtual consoles only.
minicom.spec:Summary: A text-based modem control and terminal emulation program.
minlabel.spec.alpha:Summary: Creates, views and edits BSD UNIX style disk labels on Alphas.
mkbootdisk.spec:Summary: Creates an initial ramdisk image for preloading modules.
mkinitrd.spec:Summary: Creates an initial ramdisk image for preloading modules.
mkisofs.spec:Summary: Creates an image of an ISO9660 filesystem.
mkkickstart.spec:Summary: Writes a kickstart description of the current machine.
mktemp.spec:Summary: A small utility for safely making /tmp files.
mkxauth.spec:Summary: A utility for managing .Xauthority files.
mod_perl.spec:Summary: A Perl interpreter for the Apache Web server.
modemtool-1.21.spec:Summary: A tool for selecting the serial port your modem is connected to.
modutils.spec:Summary: The kernel daemon (kerneld) and kernel module utilities.
mount.spec:Summary: Programs for mounting and unmounting filesystems.
mount.spec:%package -n losetup
mount.spec:Summary: Programs for setting up and configuring loopback devices.
mouseconfig.spec:Summary: The Red Hat Linux mouse configuration tool.
mpage.spec:Summary: A tool for printing multiple pages of text on each printed page.
mpg123.spec:Summary: An MPEG audio player.
mt-st.spec:Summary: Programs to control tape device operations.
mtools.spec:Summary: Programs for accessing MS-DOS disks without mounting the disks.
multimedia.spec:Summary: Several X utilities mainly for use with multimedia files.
mutt-i.spec:Summary: A text mode mail user agent.
nag.spec:Summary: The Linux Documentation Project's Network Administrators' Guide.
nc.spec:Summary: Reads and writes data across network connections using TCP or UDP.
ncftp.spec:Summary: An improved FTP client.
ncompress-4.2.4.spec:Summary: Fast compression and decompression utilities.
ncpfs.spec:Summary: Utilities for the ncpfs filesystem, a NetWare client for Linux.
ncpfs.spec:%package -n ipxutils
ncpfs.spec:Summary: Tools for configuring and debugging IPX interfaces and networks.
ncurses.spec:Summary: A CRT screen handling and optimization package.
ncurses.spec:%package devel
ncurses.spec:Summary: The development files for applications which use ncurses.
ncurses3.spec.old:Summary: An older version (1.9.9e) of the ncurses terminal control library.
net-tools.spec:Summary: The basic tools for setting up networking.
netcfg.spec:Summary: A network configuration tool.
netscape-sparc.spec.sparc.not:Summary: A Web browser, news reader and e-mail client.
netscape-sparc.spec.sparc.not:%package -n netscape-common
netscape-sparc.spec.sparc.not:Summary: Files shared by the Netscape Navigator and Communicator.
netscape-sparc.spec.sparc.not:%package -n netscape-communicator
netscape-sparc.spec.sparc.not:Summary: A Web browser, news reader and e-mail client.
netscape-sparc.spec.sparc.not:%package -n netscape-navigator
netscape-sparc.spec.sparc.not:Summary: The Netscape Navigator Web browser.
netscape.spec:Summary: A Web browser, news reader and e-mail client.
netscape.spec:%package -n netscape-common
netscape.spec:Summary: Files shared by the Netscape Navigator and Communicator.
netscape.spec:%package -n netscape-communicator
netscape.spec:Summary: A Web browser, news reader and e-mail client.
netscape.spec:%package -n netscape-navigator
netscape.spec:Summary: The Netscape Navigator Web browser.
newt.spec:Summary: A development library for text mode user interfaces.
newt.spec:%package devel
newt.spec:Summary: Newt windowing toolkit development files.
nfs-utils.spec:Summary: NFS utlilities and supporting daemons for the kernel NFS server.
nmh.spec:Summary: A capable mail handling system with a command line interface.
nss_ldap.spec:Summary: NSS library and PAM module for LDAP.
open-1.4.spec:Summary: A tool which will start a program on a virtual console.
openldap.spec:Summary: LDAP servers, libraries, utilities, tools and sample clients.
openldap.spec:%package devel
openldap.spec:Summary: OpenLDAP development libraries and header files.
p2c.spec:Summary: A Pascal to C translator.
p2c.spec:%package devel
p2c.spec:Summary: Files for p2c Pascal to C translator development.
pam.spec:Summary: A security tool which provides authentication for applications.
pam_krb5.spec:Summary: Kerberos 5 Pluggable Authentication Module
passwd.spec:Summary: The passwd utility for setting/changing passwords using PAM.
patch.spec:Summary: The GNU patch command, for modifying/upgrading files.
pciutils.spec:Summary: Linux PCI utilities.
pciutils.spec:%package devel
pciutils.spec:Summary: Linux PCI development library.
pdksh.spec:Summary: A public domain clone of the Korn shell (ksh).
perl.spec:Summary: The Perl programming language.
phhttpd.spec:Summary: An HTTP accelerator.
php.spec:Summary: The PHP HTML-embedded scripting language for use with Apache.
php.spec:%package manual
php.spec:Summary: The manual for PHP3, in HTML format.
php.spec:%package pgsql
php.spec:Summary: A PostgreSQL database module for PHP3.
php.spec:%package imap
php.spec:Summary: An IMAP module for PHP3.
php.spec:%package ldap
php.spec:Summary: An Apache Web server module for PHP3 applications that use LDAP.
phpfi.spec:Summary: The PHP/FI PHP language module for the Apache Web server.
pidentd.spec:Summary: An implementation of the RFC1413 identification server.
pilot-link.spec:Summary: File transfer utilities between Linux and PalmPilots.
pilot-link.spec:%package devel
pilot-link.spec:Summary: PalmPilot development header files.
pine.spec:Summary: A commonly used, MIME compliant mail and news reader.
piranha.spec:Summary: Cluster administation tools  
piranha.spec:%package gui
piranha.spec:Summary: The cute little graphical configuration tool for lvs
piranha.spec:%package docs
piranha.spec:Summary: Documentation for the Red Hat clustering environment
playmidi.spec:Summary: A MIDI sound file player.
playmidi.spec:%package X11
playmidi.spec:Summary: An X Window System based MIDI sound file player.
pmake.spec:Summary: The BSD 4.4 version of make.
pmake.spec:%package customs
pmake.spec:Summary: A remote execution facility for pmake.
pnm2ppa.spec:Summary: Drivers for printing to HP PPA printers
popt.spec:Summary: A C library for parsing command line parameters.
portmap.spec:Summary: A program which manages RPC connections.
postgresql.spec:Summary: PostgreSQL client programs and libraries.
postgresql.spec:%package server
postgresql.spec:Summary: The programs needed to create and run a PostgreSQL server.
postgresql.spec:%package devel
postgresql.spec:Summary: PostgreSQL development header files and libraries.
postgresql.spec:%package tcl
postgresql.spec:Summary: A Tcl-based GUI front end for psql and related PostgreSQL clients.
postgresql.spec:%package odbc
postgresql.spec:Summary: The ODBC driver needed for accessing a PostgreSQL DB using ODBC.
postgresql.spec:%package perl
postgresql.spec:Summary: Development module needed for Perl code to access a PostgreSQL DB.
postgresql.spec:%package python
postgresql.spec:Summary: Development module for Python code to access a PostgreSQL DB.
postgresql.spec:%package jdbc
postgresql.spec:Summary: Files needed for Java programs to access a PostgreSQL database.
postgresql.spec:%package test
postgresql.spec:Summary: The test suite distributed with PostgreSQL.
ppp.spec:Summary: The PPP (Point-to-Point Protocol) daemon.
printtool.spec:Summary: A printer configuration tool with a graphical user interface.
procinfo.spec:Summary: A tool for gathering and displaying system information.
procmail.spec:Summary: The procmail mail processing program.
procps.spec:Summary: Utilities for monitoring your system and processes on your system.
procps.spec:%package X11
procps.spec:Summary: An X based system message monitoring utility.
prtconf.spec.sparc:Summary: SPARC OpenPROM dump utility
psacct-6.3.spec:Summary: Utilities for monitoring process activities.
psgml.spec:Summary: A GNU emacs major mode for editing SGML documents.
psmisc.spec:Summary: Utilities for managing processes on your system.
pump.spec:Summary: A Bootp and DHCP client for automatic IP configuration.
pvm.spec:Summary: Libraries for distributed computing.
pvm.spec:%package gui
pvm.spec:Summary: TCL/TK graphical frontend to monitor and manage a PVM cluster.
pwdb.spec:Summary: The password database library.
pxe.spec:Summary: A Linux PXE (Preboot eXecution Environment) server.
python.spec:Summary: An interpreted, interactive object-oriented programming language.
python.spec:%package devel
python.spec:Summary: The libraries and header files needed for Python development.
python.spec:%package tools
python.spec:Summary: A collection of development tools included with Python.
python.spec:%package docs
python.spec:Summary: Documentation for the Python programming language.
python.spec:%package -n tkinter
python.spec:Summary: A graphical user interface for the Python scripting language.
pythonlib.spec:Summary: A library of Python code used by various Red Hat Linux programs.
qt-2.1.0.spec:Summary: The shared library for the Qt GUI toolkit.
qt-2.1.0.spec:%package devel
qt-2.1.0.spec:Summary: Development files and documentation for the Qt GUI toolkit.
qt-2.1.0.spec:%package GL
qt-2.1.0.spec:Summary: An OpenGL add-on for the Qt software toolkit.
qt-2.1.0.spec:%package NSPlugin
qt-2.1.0.spec:Summary: An add-on for creating Netscape plug-ins using the Qt GUI toolkit.
qt-2.1.0.spec:%package Xt
qt-2.1.0.spec:Summary: An Xt (X Toolkit) compatibility add-on for the Qt GUI toolkit.
qt1x.spec.old:Summary: A backward compatible library for apps linked to Qt 1.x.
qt1x.spec.old:%package devel
qt1x.spec.old:Summary: Qt 1.x development files for legacy applications.
qt1x.spec.old:%package GL
qt1x.spec.old:Summary: An OpenGL (3-D graphics) add-on for the Qt GUI toolkit.
quickstrip.spec.alpha:Summary: An Alpha tool for removing debugging information from kernel images.
quota.spec:Summary: System administration tools for monitoring users' disk usage.
raidtools.spec:Summary: Tools for creating and maintaining software RAID devices.
rcs.spec:Summary: Revision Control System (RCS) file version management tools.
rdate.spec:Summary: Tool for retrieving the date/time from another machine on your network.
rdist.spec:Summary: Maintains identical copies of files on multiple machines.
readline.spec:Summary: A library for reading and returning lines from a terminal.
readline.spec:%package devel
readline.spec:Summary: Development files for programs which will use the readline library.
redhat-logos.spec:Summary: Red Hat-related icons and pictures.
redhat-release.spec.in:Summary: Red Hat Linux release file
rep-gtk.spec:Summary: GTK+ binding for librep Lisp environment
rep-gtk.spec:%package libglade
rep-gtk.spec:Summary: librep binding for the libglade library for loading user interfaces.
rhmask.spec:Summary: Generates and restores mask files based on original and update files.
rhs-printfilters.spec:Summary: Red Hat print filters, for use with the printtool.
rootfiles.spec:Summary: The basic required files for the root user's directory.
routed.spec:Summary: The routing daemon which maintains routing tables.
rp3.spec:Summary: The Red Hat graphical PPP management tool.
rpm.spec:Summary: The Red Hat package management system.
rpm.spec:%package devel
rpm.spec:Summary: Development files for applications which will manipulate RPM packages.
rpm.spec:%package build
rpm.spec:Summary: Scripts and executable programs used to build packages.
rpm.spec:%package python
rpm.spec:Summary: Python bindings for apps which will manipulate RPM packages.
rpm.spec:%package -n popt
rpm.spec:Summary: A C library for parsing command line parameters.
rpm2html.spec:Summary: Translates an RPM database and dependency information into HTML.
rpmdb-redhat.spec.in:Summary: The entire rpm database for the %{rpmdbdistribution} distribution.
rpmfind.spec:Summary: Finds and transfers RPM files for a specified program.
rpmlint.spec:Summary: A development tool for checking the correctness of RPM packages.
rsh.spec:Summary: Clients for remote access commands (rsh, rlogin, rcp).
rsh.spec:%package server
rsh.spec:Summary: Servers for remote access commands (rsh, rlogin, rcp).
rsync.spec:Summary: A program for synchronizing files over a network.
rusers.spec:Summary: Displays the users logged into machines on the local network.
rusers.spec:%package server
rusers.spec:Summary: Server for the rusers protocol.
rwall.spec:Summary: Client for sending messages to a host's logged in users.
rwall.spec:%package server
rwall.spec:Summary: Server for sending messages to a host's logged in users.
rwho.spec:Summary: Displays who is logged in to local network machines.
rxvt.spec:Summary: A color VT102 terminal emulator for the X Window System.
sag.spec:Summary: The LDP's System Administrators' Guide in HTML format.
samba.spec:Summary: Samba SMB server.
samba.spec:%package client
samba.spec:Summary: Samba (SMB) client programs.
samba.spec:%package common
samba.spec:Summary: Files used by both Samba servers and clients.
sash.spec:Summary: A statically linked shell, including some built-in basic commands.
sawmill.spec:Summary: An extensible window manager for the X Window System.
sawmill.spec:%package gnome
sawmill.spec:Summary: GNOME support for the sawmill window manager.
sawmill.spec:%package themer
sawmill.spec:Summary: A GUI for creating sawmill window manager themes.
screen.spec:Summary: A screen manager that supports multiple logins on one terminal.
sed.spec:Summary: A GNU stream text editor.
sendmail.spec:Summary: A widely used Mail Transport Agent (MTA).
sendmail.spec:%package doc
sendmail.spec:Summary: Documentation about the Sendmail Mail Transport Agent program.
sendmail.spec:%package cf
sendmail.spec:Summary: The files needed to reconfigure Sendmail.
setserial.spec:Summary: A utility for configuring serial ports.
setup.spec:Summary: A set of system configuration and setup files.
setuptool.spec:Summary: A text mode system configuration tool.
sgml-common.spec:Summary: Common SGML catalog and DTD files.
sgml-tools.spec:Summary: A text formatting package based on SGML.
sh-utils.spec:Summary: A set of GNU utilities commonly used in shell scripts.
shadow-utils.spec:Summary: Utilities for managing shadow password files and user/group accounts.
shapecfg.spec:Summary: A configuration tool for setting traffic bandwidth parameters.
sharutils.spec:Summary: The GNU shar utilities for packaging and unpackaging shell archives.
silo.spec.sparc:Summary: The SILO boot loader for SPARCs.
slang.spec:Summary: The shared library for the S-Lang extension language.
slang.spec:%package devel
slang.spec:Summary: The static library and header files for development using S-Lang.
sliplogin.spec:Summary: A login program for SLIP connections.
slocate.spec:Summary: Finds files on a system via a central database.
slrn.spec:Summary: A powerful, easy to use, threaded Internet news reader.
slrn.spec:%package pull
slrn.spec:Summary: Offline news reading support for the SLRN news reader.
sndconfig.spec:Summary: The Red Hat Linux sound configuration tool.
solemul.spec.sparc:Summary: Directory tree required by Solaris emulation module.
sox.spec:Summary: A general purpose sound file conversion tool.
sox.spec:%package -n  sox-devel
sox.spec:Summary: The SoX sound file format converter libraries.
sparc32.spec.sparc:Summary: A SPARC32 compilation environment.
specspo.spec:Summary: Red Hat package descriptions, summaries, and groups.
squid.spec:Summary: The Squid proxy caching server.
stat.spec:Summary: A tool for finding out information about a specified file.
statserial.spec:Summary: A tool which displays the status of serial port modem lines.
strace.spec:Summary: Tracks and displays system calls associated with a running process.
stylesheets.spec:Summary: The stylesheets used at Cygnus for SGML conversion.
svgalib.spec:Summary: A low-level fullscreen SVGA graphics library.
svgalib.spec:%package devel
svgalib.spec:Summary: Development tools for programs using the SVGAlib graphics library.
switchdesk.spec:Summary: A desktop environment switcher for GNOME, KDE and AnotherLevel.
switchdesk.spec:%package kde
switchdesk.spec:Summary: A KDE interface for the Desktop Switcher.
switchdesk.spec:%package gnome
switchdesk.spec:Summary: A GNOME interface for the Desktop Switcher.
symlinks-1.2.spec:Summary: A utility which maintains a system's symbolic links.
sysklogd.spec:Summary: System logging and kernel message trapping daemons.
sysreport.spec:Summary: Gathers system hardware and configuration information.
talk.spec:Summary: Talk client for one-on-one Internet chatting.
talk.spec:%package server
talk.spec:Summary: The talk server for one-on-one Internet chatting.
taper.spec:Summary: A menu-driven file backup system.
tar.spec:Summary: A GNU file archiving program.
tcltk.spec:Summary: A Tcl/Tk development environment: tcl, tk, tix, tclX, expect, and itcl.
tcltk.spec:%package -n tcl
tcltk.spec:Summary: An embeddable scripting language.
tcltk.spec:%package -n tk
tcltk.spec:Summary: The Tk GUI toolkit for Tcl, with shared libraries.
tcltk.spec:%package -n expect
tcltk.spec:Summary: A tcl extension for simplifying program-script interaction.
tcltk.spec:%package -n tclx
tcltk.spec:Summary: Tcl/Tk extensions for POSIX systems.
tcltk.spec:%package -n tix
tcltk.spec:Summary: A set of capable widgets for Tk.
tcltk.spec:%package -n itcl
tcltk.spec:Summary: Object-oriented mega-widgets for Tcl.
tcp_wrappers.spec:Summary: A security tool which acts as a wrapper for TCP daemons.
tcpdump.spec:Summary: A network traffic monitoring tool.
tcpdump.spec:%package -n libpcap
tcpdump.spec:Summary: A system-independent interface for user-level packet capture.
tcpdump.spec:%package -n arpwatch
tcpdump.spec:Summary: Network monitoring tools for tracking IP addresses on a network.
tcsh.spec:Summary: An enhanced version of csh, the C shell.
telnet.spec:Summary: The client program for the telnet remote login protocol.
telnet.spec:%package server
telnet.spec:Summary: The server program for the telnet remote login protocol.
termcap.spec:Summary: The terminal feature database used by certain applications.
tetex.spec:Summary: The TeX text formatting system.
tetex.spec:%package latex
tetex.spec:Summary: The LaTeX front end for the TeX text formatting system.
tetex.spec:%package xdvi
tetex.spec:Summary: An X viewer for DVI files.
tetex.spec:%package dvips
tetex.spec:Summary: A DVI to PostScript converter for the TeX text formatting system.
tetex.spec:%package dvilj
tetex.spec:Summary: A DVI to HP PCL (Printer Control Language) converter.
tetex.spec:%package afm
tetex.spec:Summary: A converter for PostScript(TM) font metric files, for use with TeX.
tetex.spec:%package fonts
tetex.spec:Summary: The font files for the TeX text formatting system.
tetex.spec:%package doc
tetex.spec:Summary: The documentation files for the TeX text formatting system.
texinfo.spec:Summary: Tools needed to create Texinfo format documentation files.
texinfo.spec:%package -n info
texinfo.spec:Summary: A stand-alone TTY-based reader for GNU texinfo documentation.
textutils.spec:Summary: A set of GNU text file modifying utilities.
tftp.spec:Summary: The client for the Trivial File Transfer Protocol (TFTP).
tftp.spec:%package server
tftp.spec:Summary: The server for the Trivial File Transfer Protocol (TFTP).
time.spec:Summary: A GNU utility for monitoring a program's use of system resources.
timeconfig.spec:Summary: Text mode tools for setting system time parameters.
timed.spec:Summary: Programs for maintaining networked machines' time synchronization.
timetool.spec:Summary: A utility for setting the system's date and time.
tin.spec:Summary: A basic Internet news reader.
tksysv.spec:Summary: An X editor for editing runlevel services.
tmpwatch.spec:Summary: A utility for removing files based on when they were last accessed.
traceroute.spec:Summary: Traces the route taken by packets over a TCP/IP network.
transfig-3.2.1.spec:Summary: A utility for converting FIG files (made by xfig) to other formats.
tree.spec:Summary: A utility which displays a tree view of the contents of directories.
trn.spec:Summary: A news reader that displays postings in threaded format.
trojka.spec:Summary: A non-X game of falling blocks.
ucd-snmp.spec:Summary: A collection of SNMP protocol tools from UC-Davis.
ucd-snmp.spec:%package utils
ucd-snmp.spec:Summary: Network management utilities using SNMP, from the UCD-SNMP project.
ucd-snmp.spec:%package devel
ucd-snmp.spec:Summary: The development environment for the UCD-SNMP project.
umb-scheme-3.2.spec:Summary: An implementation of the Scheme programming language.
unarj.spec:Summary: An uncompressor for .arj format archive files.
units.spec:Summary: A utility for converting amounts from one unit to another.
unzip.spec:Summary: A utility for unpacking zip files.
up2date.spec:Summary: Red Hat Linux Update Agent
urlview.spec:Summary: An URL extractor/viewer for use with Mutt.
urw-fonts.spec:Summary: Free versions of the 35 standard PostScript fonts.
usermode.spec:Summary: Graphical tools for certain user account management tasks.
usernet.spec:Summary: A graphical utility for controlling network interfaces.
utempter.spec:Summary: A privileged helper for utmp/wtmp updates.
util-linux.spec:Summary: A collection of basic system utilities.
uucp.spec:Summary: The uucp utility for copying files between systems.
vim.spec:Summary: The VIM editor.
vim.spec:%package common
vim.spec:Summary: The common files needed by any version of the VIM editor.
vim.spec:%package minimal
vim.spec:Summary: A minimal version of the VIM editor.
vim.spec:%package enhanced
vim.spec:Summary: A version of the VIM editor which includes recent enhancements.
vim.spec:%package X11
vim.spec:Summary: The VIM version of the vi editor for the X Window System.
vixie-cron.spec:Summary: The Vixie cron daemon for executing specified programs at set times.
vlock.spec:Summary: A program which locks one or more virtual consoles.
w3c-libwww.spec:Summary: HTTP library of common code
w3c-libwww.spec:%package devel
w3c-libwww.spec:Summary: Libraries and header files for programs that use libwww.
w3c-libwww.spec:%package apps
w3c-libwww.spec:Summary: Applications built using Libwww web library: e.g. Robot, command line tool, etc.
wget.spec:Summary: A utility for retrieving files using the HTTP or FTP protocols.
which-2.spec:Summary: Displays where a particular program in your path is located.
wmakerconf.spec:Summary: A configuration tool for the Window Maker window manager for X.
wmconfig.spec:Summary: A helper application for configuring X window managers.
words-2.spec:Summary: A dictionary of English words for the /usr/dict directory.
wu-ftpd.spec:Summary: An FTP daemon provided by Washington University.
wvdial.spec:Summary: A heuristic autodialer for PPP connections.
x11amp.spec:Summary: X11 mp3 player with features not unlike WinAMP.
x11amp.spec:%package devel
x11amp.spec:Summary: Static libraries and header files for x11amp.
x3270.spec:Summary: An X Window System based IBM 3278/3279 terminal emulator.
xbill.spec:Summary: Stop Bill from loading his OS into all the computers.
xboard.spec:Summary: An X Window System graphical chessboard.
xboing.spec:Summary: A Breakout style X Window System based game.
xchat.spec:Summary: A GTK+ IRC (chat) client.
xcpustate.spec:Summary: An X Window System based CPU state monitor.
xdaliclock.spec:Summary: A clock for the X Window System.
xfig.spec:Summary: An X Window System tool for drawing basic vector graphics.
xfishtank.spec:Summary: An X Window System graphic display of an animated aquarium.
xgammon.spec:Summary: An X Window System based backgammon game.
xinitrc.spec:Summary: The default startup script for the X Window System.
xjewel.spec:Summary: An X Window System game of falling jewel blocks.
xlispstat.spec:Summary: An implementation of the Lisp language with statistics extensions.
xloadimage-4.1.spec:Summary: An X Window System based image viewer.
xlockmore.spec:Summary: An X terminal locking program.
xmailbox-2.5.spec:Summary: An X Window System utility which notifies you of new mail.
xmms.spec:Summary: An MP3 player for X which resembles Winamp.
xmms.spec:%package devel
xmms.spec:Summary: Static libraries and header files for Xmms plug-in development.
xmms.spec:%package gnome
xmms.spec:Summary: A GNOME panel applet for the Xmms multimedia player.
xmorph.spec:Summary: An X Window System tool for creating morphed images.
xntp3.spec:Summary: Synchronizes system time using the Network Time Protocol (NTP).
xosview.spec:Summary: An X Window System utility for monitoring system resources.
xpaint.spec:Summary: An X Window System image editing or paint program.
xpat.spec:Summary: A set of Solitaire type games for the X Window System.
xpdf.spec:Summary: A PDF file viewer for the X Window System.
xpilot.spec:Summary: An X Window System based multiplayer aerial combat game.
xpm.spec:Summary: A pixmap library for the X Window System.
xpm.spec:%package devel
xpm.spec:Summary: Tools for developing apps which will use the XPM pixmap library.
xpuzzles.spec:Summary: Geometric puzzles and toys for the X Window System.
xrn.spec:Summary: An X Window System based news reader.
xscreensaver.spec:Summary: A set of X Window System screensavers.
xsri.spec:Summary: A program for displaying images on the background for X.
xsysinfo.spec:Summary: An X Window System kernel parameter monitoring tool.
xtoolwait-1.2.spec:Summary: A utility which aims to decrease X session startup time.
xtrojka.spec:Summary: An X Window System falling blocks game.
xxgdb.spec:Summary: An X Window System graphical interface for the GNU gdb debugger.
yp-tools.spec:Summary: NIS (or YP) client programs.
ypbind.spec:Summary: The NIS daemon which binds NIS clients to an NIS domain.
ypserv.spec:Summary: The NIS (Network Information Service) server.
ytalk-3.1.spec:Summary: A chat program for multiple users.
zip.spec:Summary: A file compression and packaging utility compatible with PKZIP.
zlib.spec:Summary: The zlib compression and decompression library.
zlib.spec:%package devel
zlib.spec:Summary: Header files and libraries for developing apps which will use zlib.
zsh.spec:Summary: A shell similar to ksh, but with improvements.
